An existential crisis resolved: type inference for first-class existential types | RA Eisenberg, G Duboc, S Weirich, D Lee - Proceedings of the ACM on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Despite the great success of inferring and programming with universal types, their dual—existential  types—are much harder to work with. Existential types are useful in building abstract types,  working with indexed types, and providing first-class support for refinement types. This …
Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles andPractice of Parallel Programming, PPoPP 2018, Vienna, Austria, February24-28, 2018 | A Krall, TR Gross - PPoPPPrinciples and Practice of …, 2018 - research-collections.ethz.ch | Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles andPractice of Parallel  Programming, PPoPP 2018, Vienna, Austria, February24-28, 2018 - Research Collection …  Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles andPractice of Parallel …
Memory system optimization for graph processing: a survey | J WANG, L ZHANG, P WANG, J XU, C LI… - SCIENTIA SINICA …, 2019 - engine.scichina.com | … In: Proceedings of the 20th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel  Programming, San Francicso, 2015. 271--… In: Proceedings of the 20th ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, San Francicso, 2015. 253--254. …
Brief Announcement: Jiffy: A Fast, Memory Efficient, Wait-Free Multi-Producers Single-Consumer Queue | D Adas, R Friedman - … Symposium on Distributed Computing …, 2020 - drops.dagstuhl.de | In applications such as sharded data processing systems, data flow programming and load  sharing applications, multiple concurrent data producers are feeding requests into the same  data consumer. This can be naturally realized through concurrent queues, where each …
Practical Aspects of Declarative Languages | JF Morales, D Orchard - Springer | … This volume contains the papers presented at the 23rd International Symposium on Practical  Aspects of Declarative Languages (PADL … (ALP) and the Association for Computing Machinery  (ACM) for their continuous support of the symposium, and Springer for their longstanding, …
Vbr: Version based reclamation | G Sheffi, M Herlihy, E Petrank - … of the 33rd ACM Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 2015 ACM Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing. 261–270.  [2] Nachshon Cohen and Erez Petrank. … In Proceedings of the 26th ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming. 175–190. [16] Haosen Wen, …
Prudent design principles for information flow control | I Bastys, F Piessens, A Sabelfeld - Proceedings of the 13th Workshop on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … This paper puts forward six informal principles for designing information flow security definitions  and enforcement mechanisms: attacker-… This paper puts forward principles for designing  information flow security definitions and enforcement mechanisms. The goal of the principles …
Programming Language Principles for Distributed Systems | A Das - cs.cmu.edu | Programming distributed systems is already very challenging due to the presence of data  races and deadlocks; bugs are di cult to detect and reproduce when they only arise in certain  thread interleavings. Modern distributed systems such as blockchains and queueing networks …
From LCF to isabelle/hol | LC Paulson, T Nipkow, M Wenzel - Formal Aspects of Computing, 2019 - Springer | … In: Andronick J, Felty AP (eds) 7th ACM SIGPLAN international conference on certified  programs and proofs, CPP 2018. ACM, pp 2–13 … In: Jagannathan S, Sewell P (eds) The 41st  annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on principles of programming languages, POPL '14. …
Descriptor based consensus for blockchain transactions | Z Painter, V Cook, C Peterson, D Dechev - Proceedings of the 15th ACM …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … In Proceedings of the 12th ACM SIGPLAN  symposium on Principles and practice of parallel programming. ACM, 68–78. [31] Christos H …
Introduction to the Special Issue on PPoPP 2017 (Part 2) | J Lee, L Rauchwerger, A Solar-Lezama… - ACM Transactions on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … This collection of four articles represents the second half of the revised versions of eight  papers initially presented at the 22nd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice  of Parallel Programming (PPoPP) held February 2–4, 2017, in Austin, Texas. The initial …
Introduction to the special issue on PPoPP 2017 (part 1) | L Rauchwerger, J Lee, A Solar-Lezama… - ACM Transactions on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … This two-part special issue represents revised versions of eight articles initially presented  at the 22nd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming (PPoPP),  held February 2–4, 2017, in Austin, Texas. We have split the special issue in two parts …
Discrete Polymorphism with Gradual Typing | P Ângelo - formalmethods2019.inesctec.pt | … In: Proceedings of the 43rd Annual ACM SIGPLANSIGACT Symposium on Principles of …  In: Proceedings of the 44th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming … In:  Proceedings of the 9th ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming …
Methodological principles for reproducible performance evaluation in cloud computing | AV Papadopoulos, L Versluis, A Bauer… - IEEE Transactions …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … principles that combine best-practices from nearby fields with concepts applicable only to  clouds, and with new ideas about the time-accuracy trade-off. We show how these principles  are … We conclude that, although these important principles are simple and basic, the cloud …
Exploring the Design Space of Static and Incremental Connected Components on GPUs | C Hong, J Shun - adacenter.org | … Shun, “Internally deterministic parallel algorithms can be fast,” in ACM SIGPLAN Symposium  on Proceedings of Principles and Practice of … Shun and GE Blelloch, “Ligra: A lightweight  graph processing framework for shared memory,” in ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles …
Improving neural network verification through spurious region guided refinement | P Yang, R Li, J Li, CC Huang, J Wang… - Tools and Algorithms …, 2021 - ncbi.nlm.nih.gov | We propose a spurious region guided refinement approach for robustness verification of deep  neural networks. Our method starts with applying the DeepPoly abstract domain to analyze  the network. If the robustness property cannot be verified, the result is inconclusive. Due to …
Synthesizing Precise and Useful Commutativity Conditions | K Bansal, E Koskinen, O Tripp - Journal of Automated Reasoning, 2020 - Springer | … the 13th ACM SIGPLAN symposium on principles and practice of parallel programming,  2008), dynamic concurrency (Tripp et al. in Proceedings of the 33rd ACM SIGPLAN conference  on programming language design and implementation, PLDI ’12, New York, NY, USA, ACM, …
A Modal Analysis of Metaprogramming, Revisited (Invited Talk) | B Pientka - 5th International Conference on Formal Structures for …, 2020 - drops.dagstuhl.de | Metaprogramming is the art of writing programs that produce or manipulate other programs.  This opens the possibility to eliminate boilerplate code and exploit domain-specific knowledge  to build high-performance programs. Unfortunately, designing language extensions to …
Abstracting Gradual References (SCICO Journal-first) | M Toro, É Tanter - 34th European Conference on Object-Oriented …, 2020 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … In Proceedings of the 38th annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of …  In Proceedings of the 19th ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Functional Programming (ICFP …  of the 43rd ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages …
On representation of simulation time in functional programming style | DV Buzdalov - ИСП, 2018 - ispranproceedings.elpub.ru | … of the 20th ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of programming languages, …  of the 21st ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of programming languages (…  of the 22nd ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on Principles of programming languages (POPL’…
Practical Aspects of Declarative Languages | F Calimeri, K Hamlen, N Leone - 2018 - Springer | This volume contains the papers presented at the 20th Symposium on Practical Aspects of  Declarative Languages (PADL 2018), held during January 8–9, 2018, in Los Angeles, USA.  The symposium was co-located with the 45th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of …
A programmable programming language | M Felleisen, RB Findler, M Flatt… - … of the ACM, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Racket’s guiding principle reflects the insight we gained: empower programmers to create  new programming languages easily and add them with a friction-free process to a codebase.  By “language,” we mean a new syntax, a static semantics, and a dynamic semantics that …
Implementation and analysis of distributed relaxed concurrent queues in remote memory access model | AA Paznikov, AD Anenkov - Procedia Computer Science, 2019 - Elsevier | … A queue is a collection in which the entities are kept in order and the principle operations on  the collection are the addition of entities to the rear terminal position … ceedings of the 13th  ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and practice of parallel programming. 2008, p. 43-52. …
Verification, Model Checking, and Abstract Interpretation LNCS 11990 | D Beyer, D Zufferey - Springer | Welcome to VMCAI 2020, the 21st International Conference on Verification, Model Checking,  and Abstract Interpretation. VMCAI 2020 is part of the 47th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on  Principles of Programming Languages (POPL 2020), at the hotel JW Marriott New Orleans, …
Program analysis for reversible languages | N Deworetzki, U Meyer - Proceedings of the 10th ACM SIGPLAN …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Reversible computing is a technique to “let computations run forwards and backwards” and  thus extends the traditional model of computation. As an example, consider a function to  compute the factorial of a given number, say 5, yielding 120. Running this program backwards …
Adjoint Reactive GUI Programming | S Kiefer, C Tasson, C Graulund… - … of Software Science …, 2021 - europepmc.org | … In: Proceedings of the 14th ACM SIGACT-SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming  … In: Proceedings of the 41st ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming  … In: Proceedings of the 18th ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Functional …
Brief announcement: Persistent multi-word compare-and-swap | M Pavlovic, A Kogan, VJ Marathe, T Harris - … Symposium on Principles of …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | This brief announcement presents a fundamental concurrent primitive for persistent memory-a  persistent atomic multi-word compare-and-swap (PMCAS). We present a novel algorithm  carefully crafted to ensure that atomic updates to a multitude of words modified by the …
Code Optimization on GPUs | C Hong - 2019 - search.proquest.com | … Proceedings of the 39th ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language Design  and Implementation (PLDI), Jun. 2018. … Proceedings of the 37th ACM SIGPLAN  Conference on Programming Language Design and Implementation (PLDI), Jun. 2016. …
Designing scalable FPGA architectures using high-level synthesis | J de Fine Licht, M Blott, T Hoefler - … SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Massive spatial parallelism at low energy gives FPGAs the potential to be core components in  large scale high performance computing (HPC) systems. In this paper we present four major  design steps that harness high-level synthesis (HLS) to implement scalable spatial FPGA …
Signatures and induction principles for higher inductive-inductive types | A Kovács, A Kaposi - Logical Methods in Computer Science, 2020 - lmcs.episciences.org | … We also show how to derive induction and recursion principles for each signature. We use  variants of syntactic logical relation translations to compute notions of algebras, homomorphisms,  displayed algebras and displayed algebra sections, and then define induction and …
Verified Software Units | N Yoshida, L Beringer - … and Systems30th European Symposium on …, 2021 - europepmc.org | Modularity-the partitioning of software into units of functionality that interact with each other  via interfaces-has been the mainstay of software development for half a century. In case of  the C language, the main mechanism for modularity is the compilation unit/header file …
Lazygraph: lazy data coherency for replicas in distributed graph-parallel computation | L Wang, L Zhuang, J Chen, H Cui, F Lv, Y Liu… - ACM SIGPLAN …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … In Proceedings of the 18th ACM SIGPLAN  symposium on Principles and practice of parallel programming (PPoPP 2013), 48(8), pp. 135-…
Using Machine Learning for OpenMP GPU Offloading in LLVM | A Mishra, AM Malik, B Chapman - ACM SRC to be held at …, 2020 - sc20.supercomputing.org | … In Proceedings of the 15th ACM SIGPLAN symposium on Principles and practice of  parallel programming. 105–114. … In Proceedings of the 17th ACM SIGPLAN symposium  on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming. 11–22. [12] Zheng Wang and Michael O’Boyle. …
Violat: generating tests of observational refinement for concurrent objects | M Emmi, C Enea - International Conference on Computer Aided …, 2019 - Springer | … In principle, all of these bounds are configurable, but we have found these defaults to  work reasonably well. … ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel  Programming, PPoPP 2014, Orlando, FL, USA, 15–19 February 2014, pp. 29–42. …
Compiler Techniques for Transformation Verification, Energy Efficiency and Cache Modeling | W Bao - 2018 - rave.ohiolink.edu | Performance has been the focus of computer systems for decades, from past Moore law to  current parallel computers. Compiler optimizations are used to improve performance by  generating code to utilize hardware (eg cache) component efficiently. However, modern systems …
EMTST: Engineering the Meta-theory of Session Types | D Castro, F Ferreira, N Yoshida - … Conference on Tools and Algorithms for …, 2020 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 35th Annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of …  In: Proceedings of the 2004 ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Haskell. pp. 1–9. … In: Proceedings of  the 21st International Symposium on Principles and Practice of Programming Languages 2019…
On type-cases, union elimination, and occurrence typing | G Castagna, M Laurent, K Nguyen… - … of the ACM on …, 2022 - hal.archives-ouvertes.fr | We extend classic union and intersection type systems with a type-case construction and  show that the combination of the union elimination rule of the former and the typing rules for  type-cases of our extension encompasses occurrence typing. To apply this system in practice, …
Cerberus-BMC: A principled reference semantics and exploration tool for concurrent and sequential C | S Lau, VBF Gomes, K Memarian… - … on Computer Aided …, 2019 - Springer | C remains central to our infrastructure, making verification of C code an essential and much-researched  topic, but the semantics of C is remarkably complex, and important aspects of it are still  unsettled, leaving programmers and verification tool builders on shaky ground. This …
Strong-Separation Logic | N Yoshida, J Pagel, F Zuleger - … Systems30th European Symposium …, 2021 - europepmc.org | Most automated verifiers for separation logic are based on the symbolic-heap fragment, which  disallows both the magic-wand operator and the application of classical Boolean operators  to spatial formulas. This is not surprising, as support for the magic wand quickly leads to …
Asynchrony versus bulk-synchrony for a generalized N-body problem from genomics | M Ellis, A Buluç, K Yelick - … 26th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | This work examines a data-intensive irregular application from genomics, a long-read to  long-read alignment problem, which represents a kind of Generalized N-Body problem, one  of the" seven giants" of the NRC Big Data motifs [5]. In this problem, computations (genomic …
Java typestate checker | J Mota, M Giunti, A Ravara - International Conference on Coordination …, 2021 - Springer | Detecting programming errors and vulnerabilities in software is increasingly important, and  building tools that help developers with this task is a crucial area of investigation on which  the industry depends. In object-oriented languages, one naturally defines stateful objects …
MLF type inference and semi-unification | D Rémy - gallium.inria.fr | … In Proceedings of the 2007 ACM SIGPLAN International Workshop on Types in Languages  Design and Implementation (TLDI’07), pages 27–38, … In The 13th ACM SIGPLAN International  Conference on Functional Programming (ICFP’08), pages 63–74, Victoria, BC, Canada, …
Clara: Performance clarity for smartnic offloading | Y Qiu, Q Kang, M Liu, A Chen - … of the 19th ACM Workshop on Hot …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … In Proceedings of ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, 2017. [31] M. Kudlur and S. …
Static Analysis LNCS 12389 | D Pichardie, M Sighireanu - Springer | This volume contains the proceedings of the 27th edition of the International Static Analysis  Symposium 2020 (SAS 2020), held during November 18–20, 2020, as a colocated event of  SPLASH, the ACM SIGPLAN conference on Systems, Programming, Languages, and …
Static Resource Analysis at Scale | E Çiçek, M Bouaziz, S Cho, D Distefano - … Static Analysis Symposium, 2020 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 44th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming  Languages. POPL 2017, Association for Computing … In: Proceedings of the 35th Annual ACM  SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages. POPL 2008, New York …
A vision of miking: interactive programmatic modeling, sound language composition, and self-learning compilation | D Broman - … of the 12th ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Companion of the 18th annual ACM SIGPLAN conference on Objectoriented  programming, systems, languages, and applications. ACM, 92– 93. … In PLDI ’00: Proceedings  of the ACM SIGPLAN 2000 conference on Programming language design and implementation. …
HDArray: parallel array interface for distributed heterogeneous devices | HD Cho, O Kwon, SP Midkiff - … Workshop on Languages and Compilers for …, 2018 - Springer | Heterogeneous clusters with nodes containing one or more accelerators, such as GPUs, have  become common. While MPI provides inter-address space communication, and OpenCL  provides a process with access to heterogeneous computational resources, programmers are …
Selective path-sensitive interval analysis (WIP paper) | B Chimdyalwar, S Kumar - Proceedings of the 22nd ACM SIGPLAN …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … of the 4th ACM SIGACTSIGPLAN Symposium  on Principles of Programming Languages (Los Angeles, California) (POPL ’77). ACM, New …
Vectorization for Digital Signal Processors via Equality Saturation Extended Abstract | A VanHattum, R Nigam, VT Lee, J Bornholt… - asplos-conference.org | Digital signal processors (DSPs) are ubiquitous and unmatched in their efficiency for embedded  sensing applications, but they are difficult to program. Their simple in-order pipelines, their  exotic VLIW and vector instruction sets, and their per-deployment hardware variability …
Software testing | G Fraser, JM Rojas - Handbook of Software Engineering, 2019 - Springer | Any nontrivial program contains some errors in the source code. These “bugs” are annoying  for users if they lead to application crashes and data loss, and they are worrisome if they lead  to privacy leaks and security exploits. The economic damage caused by software bugs can …
Towards relaxed concurrent data structures on distributed memory computer systems | AA Paznikov, II Kholod… - 2019 International Multi …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … C,” Proceedings of the tenth ACM SIGPLAN symposium on Principles and practice of parallel  programming, 2005, pp. 36-47. [13] I. … lock-free queue,” Proceedings of the 13th ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and practice of parallel programming, 2008, pp. 43-52. [31] M. …
CompCertM: CompCert with Lightweight Modular Verification and Multi-Language Linking | Y Song, M Cho, D Kim, Y Kim, J Kang… - … SIGPLAN Symposium …, 2020 - koasas.kaist.ac.kr | Supporting multi-language linking such as linking C and handwritten assembly modules in  the verified compiler CompCert requires a more compositional verification technique than  that used in CompCert just supporting separate compilation. The two extensions, CompCertX …
Towards Impredicative Types for GHC | O MELKONIAN - omelkonian.github.io | This experimentation project’s goal is to lay the foundations, implementation-wise, that will  enable the integration of impredicative types in GHC, the de-facto optimizing compiler for  Haskell. There have been many proposed type systems that support impredicative types, such as …
Compiler optimizations for parallel programs | J Doerfert, H Finkel - … Workshop on Languages and Compilers for Parallel …, 2018 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 12th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel  Programming, PPOPP 2007, San Jose, California, … In: Proceedings of the 22nd ACM  SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, Austin, TX, USA, 4–8 …
Brief Announcement: Detectable Sequential Specifications for Recoverable Shared Objects | N Li, W Golab - … of the 2021 ACM Symposium on Principles of …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | The recent commercial release of persistent main memory by Intel has sparked intense  interest in recoverable concurrent objects. Specifying and implementing such objects is  technically challenging on current generation hardware precisely because the top layers of the …
Stamp-it, amortized constant-time memory reclamation in comparison to five other schemes | M Pöter, JL Träff - … of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | The memory reclamation problem is to determine, for any given allocated memory node, when  there are no more references to the node, allowing it to be safely returned to the memory  management system. In a concurrent context, the memory reclamation problem is highly non-…
Designing a Distributed So ware Transactional Memory System | C Kirkham - academia.edu | … of the twenty-second annual symposium on Principles of distributed computing, pages 92–101,  New York, NY, USA, 2003. ACM Press. … In PPoPP ’06: Proceedings of the eleventh ACM  SIGPLAN symposium on Principles and practice of parallel programming, pages 198–208, …
Extracting and optimizing formally verified code for systems programming | E Ioannidis, F Kaashoek, N Zeldovich - … Formal Methods Symposium, 2019 - Springer | MCQC is a compiler for extracting verified systems programs to low-level assembly, with no  runtime or garbage collection requirements and an emphasis on performance. MCQC targets  the Gallina functional language used in the Coq proof assistant. MCQC translates pure and …
OneFile: A wait-free persistent transactional memory | P Ramalhete, A Correia, P Felber… - 2019 49th Annual IEEE …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | A persistent transactional memory (PTM) library provides an easy-to-use interface to  programmers for using byte-addressable non-volatile memory (NVM). Previously proposed PTMs  have, so far, been blocking. We present OneFile, the first wait-free PTM with integrated wait-…
Representation Independence via the Cubical Structure Identity Principle | C Angiuli, A Mörtberg, M Zeuner - hott-uf.github.io | A remarkable consequence of the univalence axiom is the structure identity principle (SIP),  which states that type-theoretic properties of certain mathematical structures are invariant  under isomorphism of structures. There are several variations of the SIP formalized in HoTT/UF […
Efficient lock-free removing and compaction for the cache-trie data structure | A Prokopec - European Conference on Parallel Processing, 2018 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel  Programming. PPoPP 2018. ACM, New York (… In: Proceedings of the 2016 ACM SIGPLAN  International Conference on Generative Programming: Concepts and Experiences. GPCE …
Towards general-purpose infrastructure for protecting scientific data under study | A Trask, K Prakash - arXiv preprint arXiv:2110.01315, 2021 - arxiv.org | … ACM SIGPLAN Notices, 50(1):55–68, 2015. … In Proceedings of the 40th annual ACM  SIGPLANSIGACT symposium on Principles of programming languages, pages 357–370,  2013. … In Proceedings of the 15th ACM SIGPLAN international conference on …
The Lean 4 Theorem Prover and Programming Language | L Moura, S Ullrich - International Conference on Automated Deduction, 2021 - Springer | … In principle, two terms that reduce to the same value are called definitionally equal. In the  following example, we use pattern matching to … The Lean kernel also generates an inductive  principle for the new type Open image in new window . We can write a basic “simplifier” for …
Compiler and Runtime Approaches to Enable Large-Scale Irregular Programs | M Kulkarni - 2020 - osti.gov | … -written and hand-tuned, with few common principles or paradigms uniting various  implementations and easing future development. … ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and  Practice of Parallel Programming, PPoPP ’17, pages 117–130, New York, NY, USA, 2017. ACM…
Intermediate Representations for Explicitly Parallel Programs | A Susungi, C Tadonki - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … use mathematical algorithms based  on linear and tensor algebra principles. Despite their respective domain specificities, these …
Check-wait-pounce: Increasing transactional data structure throughput by delaying transactions | L Lebanoff, C Peterson, D Dechev - IFIP International Conference on …, 2019 - Springer | Transactional data structures allow data structures to support transactional execution, in which  a sequence of operations appears to execute atomically. We consider a paradigm in which  a transaction commits its changes to the data structure only if all of its operations succeed; …
Conflict abstractions and shadow speculation for optimistic transactional objects | T Dickerson, E Koskinen, P Gazzillo… - Asian Symposium on …, 2019 - Springer | Concurrent data structures implemented with software transactional memory (STM) perform  poorly when operations which do not conflict in the definition of the abstract data type  nonetheless incur conflicts in the concrete state of an implementation. Several works addressed …
Entropy Measurement of Concurrent Disorder | V Cook, C Peterson, Z Painter, D Dechev - International Conference on …, 2020 - Springer | … Entropy instrumentations are built on top of an ACM verified open source queue benchmark  [37]. The probability distribution of the inversion … In: Proceedings of the 21st ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming - PPoPP 2016, pp. 1–13. …
Deductive verification in decidable fragments with ivy | KL McMillan, O Padon - International Static Analysis Symposium, 2018 - Springer | This paper surveys the work to date on Ivy, a language and a tool for the formal specification  and verification of distributed systems. Ivy supports deductive verification using automated  provers, model checking, automated testing, manual theorem proving and generation of …
A wide-spectrum language for verification of programs on weak memory models | RJ Colvin, G Smith - International Symposium on Formal Methods, 2018 - Springer | … In this paper we utilise that work to extract some general principles underlying instruction  reordering, and apply those principles to a wide-… In: Proceedings of the 18th ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, PPoPP 2013, pp. 69–80. …
Tracking Errors through Types in Quantum Programs | K Hietala, R Rand, M Hicks - The First International Workshop on …, 2020 - cs.umd.edu | … In: Proceedings of the 2013 ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Object Oriented  Programming … In: Proceedings of the 46th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of  Programming … In: Proceedings of the 44th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of …
What Are Semantics for Hardware? | G Bernstein, R Daly, J Ragan-Kelley, P Hanrahan - 2021 - capra.cs.cornell.edu | … In Proceedings of the 5th ACM SIGACTSIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming  Languages (Tucson, Arizona) (POPL ’78). Association for … In Proceedings of the 41st ACM  SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language Design and Implementation. 408–422. …
Compilers (and humans that use them) need more expressive intermediate representations to handle extreme heterogeneity. | JJ Wilke, DS Hollman, JJ Lifflander - 2018 - osti.gov | The need for programming models that provide performance portability-write once, run well  everywhere-has already influenced numerous libraries and languages including Kokkos [1],  RAJA [2], OpenCL [3], and OpenMP [4]. The current heterogeneous space mainly considers …
Identifying scalability bottlenecks for large-scale parallel programs with graph analysis | Y Jin, H Wang, X Tang, T Hoefler, X Liu… - … Symposium on Principles …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Scaling a parallel program to modern supercomputers is challenging due to inter-process  communication, code serialization, and resource contention. Performance analysis tools for  finding such scaling bottlenecks either base on profiling or tracing. Profiling incurs lower …
Learning to Find Bugs and Code Quality Problems-What Worked and What not? | V Raychev - 2021 International Conference on Code Quality …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The recent growth of open source repositories and deep learning models brought big promises  for the next generation of programming tools that can automate or significantly improve  the software development process. Yet, such tools are still rare and the machine learning …
Synthesizing Video Trajectory Queries | S Mell, F Bastani, S Zdancewic… - Advances in Programming …, 2021 - openreview.net | We propose a novel framework called Quivr for synthesizing queries to identify events of  interest in video data. For instance, Quivr can be used to identify instances of human driving  behaviors such as lane changes or left turns, which are important for designing planning …
Dynamic enforcement of causal consistency for a Geo-replicated cloud storage system | R Vignesh, D Deepa, P Anitha, S Divya… - International Journal of …, 2020 - papers.ssrn.com | Many cloud storage systems are architected on the basis of the consistency of the data,  latency, and availability. There are fewer deployments in the cloud storage systems due to  high cost and implementation, adding to this we have to spend high amounts of money on …
A formalism to model higher-order function | D Morard - Conference Companion of the 4th International …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … In Proceedings of the 36th ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT  Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, POPL 2009, Savannah, GA, USA, …
Deductive verification of distributed protocols in first-order logic | O Padon - 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Formal verification of infinite-state systems, and distributed systems in particular, is a long  standing research goal. In the deductive verification approach, the programmer provides  inductive invariants and pre/post specifications of procedures, reducing the verification problem to …
Memory safety preservation for webassembly | M Vassena, M Patrignani - arXiv preprint arXiv:1910.09586, 2019 - arxiv.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy … [6] associate memory safety with reasoning principles  about state akin to non-inteferference [14]. Since non-interference relates pairs of executions, …
Deriving distributive laws for graded linear types | J Hughes, M Vollmer, D Orchard - arXiv preprint arXiv:2112.14966, 2021 - arxiv.org | … In: Proceedings of the 40th annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on Principles of  programming languages, pp. 357–370, doi:10.1145/… In: Proceedings of the 27th ACM  SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on Principles of programming languages, pp. 119–132, doi:10.1145/ …
A study of learning data structure invariants using off-the-shelf tools | M Usman, W Wang, K Wang, C Yelen, N Dini… - International Symposium …, 2019 - Springer | Data structure invariants play a key role in checking correctness of code, eg, a model checker  can use an invariant, eg, acyclicity of a binary tree, that is written in the form of an assertion  to search for program executions that violate it, eg, erroneously introduce a cycle in the …
Monitoring weak consistency | M Emmi, C Enea - International Conference on Computer Aided …, 2018 - Springer | … In principle, algorithmically checking the consistency of executions according to various  weak-consistency criteria is hard: in addition to the enumeration of linearizations of an execution’s  operations, such criteria generally demand the enumeration of possible visibility relations …
Verifying C11-style weak memory libraries | S Dalvandi, B Dongol - … 26th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Deductive verification of concurrent programs under weak memory has thus far been limited  to simple programs over a monolithic state space. For scalabiility, we also require modular  techniques with verifiable library abstractions. We address this challenge in the context of …
Petalisp: A Common Lisp Library for Data Parallel Programming | M Heisig - … Lisp Symposium on European Lisp Symposium, 2018 - dl.acm.org | We describe the design and implementation of Petalisp-a Common Lisp library for data parallel  programming. At its core, Petalisp is a lazy, functional array language. All its statements are  an-alyzed, simplified and compiled at runtime. This approach limits expressive power and …
Brief Announcement: 2D-Stack--A Scalable Lock-Free Stack Design that Continuously Relaxes Semantics for Better Performance | A Rukundo, A Atalar, P Tsigas - … the 2018 ACM Symposium on Principles …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In The 40th Annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming  Languages, POPL ’13, Rome, Italy - January 23 - 25, … In Proceedings of the seventh annual  ACM symposium on Parallel algorithms and architectures. ACM, 54–63. [10] Nir Shavit and Asaph …
An efficient uncertain graph processing framework for heterogeneous architectures | H Zhang, L Li, D Zhuang, R Liu, S Song, D Tao… - … SIGPLAN Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Uncertain or probabilistic graphs have been ubiquitously used in many emerging applications.  Previously CPU based techniques were proposed to use sampling but suffer from (1) low  computation efficiency and large memory overhead,(2) low degree of parallelism, and (3) …
What's Decidable About Program Verification Modulo Axioms? | U Mathur, P Madhusudan, M Viswanathan - International Conference on …, 2020 - Springer | … The choice of the axioms we study are guided by two principles. First, we study natural  mathematical properties of functions and relations. Second, we … In: Proceedings of the  41st ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages. pp. 151–164. …
Logic-Based Program Synthesis and Transformation: 29th International Symposium, LOPSTR 2019, Porto, Portugal, October 8–10, 2019, Revised Selected … | M Gabbrielli - 2020 - books.google.com | This book constitutes the thoroughly refereed post-conference proceedings of the 29th  International Symposium on Logic-Based Program Synthesis and Transformation, LOPSTR 2019,  held in Porto, Portugal, in October 2019. The 15 revised full papers were carefully reviewed …
Two Mechanisations of WebAssembly 1.0 | C Watt, X Rao, J Pichon-Pharabod, M Bodin… - International Symposium …, 2021 - Springer | WebAssembly (Wasm) is a new bytecode language supported by all major Web browsers,  designed primarily to be an efficient compilation target for low-level languages such as C/C++  and Rust. It is unusual in that it is officially specified through a formal semantics. An initial …
Efficient scalable thread-safety-violation detection: finding thousands of concurrency bugs during testing | G Li, S Lu, M Musuvathi, S Nath, R Padhye - … of the 27th ACM Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on servers or to …  of the 24th ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on Principles of programming languages. …
Research Interest Statement | H Wen - 2018 - cs.rochester.edu | My research focuses on persistent software transactional systems, a class of applications of  concurrent data structures on non-volatile byte-addressable memories (NVBM). Given past  explorations on both persistent semantics for concurrent data structures (by Joseph Izraelevitz …
A syntax for higher inductive-inductive types | A Kaposi, A Kovács - … on Formal Structures for Computation and …, 2018 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … We show that for indexed W-types and various examples of HIITs the computed elimination  principles are the expected ones. Showing that the thus specified HIITs exist is left as future  work. The type theory specifying HIITs was formalised in Agda together with the syntactic …
Transparent GPU memory management for DNNs | W Jung, H Cho - 2018 - scholarworks.bwise.kr | … Citation Proceedings of the ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of  Parallel Programming, PPOPP, pp.411 - 412 Journal Title Proceedings of the ACM  SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, PPOPP …
Mechanized Type Safety for Gradual Information Flow | T Chen, JG Siek - 2021 IEEE Security and Privacy Workshops …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We model a security-typed language with gradual information flow labels in a proof assistant,  demonstrate its potential application to parsing and securing sensitive user input data,  present the semantics as a definitional interpreter, and prove type safety. We compare the …
Layrub: layer-centric GPU memory reuse and data migration in extreme-scale deep learning systems | B Liu, W Jiang, H Jin, X Shi, Y Ma - … SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Growing accuracy and robustness of Deep Neural Networks (DNN) models are accompanied  by growing model capacity (going deeper or wider). However, high memory requirements of  those models make it difficult to execute the training process in one GPU. To address it, we …
Armed cats: formal concurrency modelling at Arm | J Alglave, W Deacon, R Grisenthwaite… - ACM Transactions on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … propose a principle to extend certain existing concurrency models so that they apply to  mixed-size accesses, and confirm that our principle applies … Adding mixed-size accesses to  those formulations was challenging due to the design principles we needed to follow as they were …
Truly abstract interfaces for algebraic data types: the extractor typing problem | N Stucki, PG Giarrusso, M Odersky - … SIGPLAN International Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We argue this violates the appropriate variant of the uniform access principle. To address  this problem, we propose a small language … We introduce a similar principle for ADT  consumers, and require being able to keep consumer functions such as divOpt unchanged; our …
Metaprogramming Lecture Notes | N Amin - 2018 - projects.iq.harvard.edu | … You will acquire new principles, new shortcuts or lenses or tools for thought and implementation  if you will. … In Proceedings of the 44th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming  Languages, POPL 2017, Paris, France, January 18-20, 2017, pages 859–873, 2017b…
Recent Trends in STM Haskell | P Tiwari, S Meenu - 2019 - academia.edu | … In Proceedings of the 13th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and practice of  parallel programming, pp. 237-246. ACM, 2008. … the 2009 ACM SIGPLAN conference on  Programming language design and implementation, PLDI ’09, …
Compiler optimizations for OpenMP | J Doerfert, H Finkel - International Workshop on OpenMP, 2018 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 12th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel  Programming, PPOPP 2007, San Jose, California, … In: Proceedings of the 22nd ACM  SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, Austin, TX, USA, 4–8 …
Toward Domain-Specific Solvers for Distributed Consistency | L Kuper, P Alvaro - THE 3RD SUMMIT ON ADVANCES IN …, 2019 - par.nsf.gov | … In principle, we could even combine these approaches in the same system. For instance,  a single solver-aided language could both identify which pairs of operations (eg, deposits  and withdrawals that witnessed them) must be causally ordered, as in the Quelea contract …
NV-PhTM: An Efficient Phase-Based Transactional System for Non-volatile Memory | A Baldassin, R Murari, JPL de Carvalho… - … Conference on Parallel …, 2020 - Springer | … To the best of our knowledge, NV-PhTM is the first system to apply the principles of PTM  in the context of durable transactions. As we discuss … In: Proceedings of the 20th ACM  SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, pp. 87–96 (2015)Google …
Transactional Memory: A Review | S Meenu - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Proceedings of the 33rd ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming  Languages, Jan. 11-13, Charleston, South … Proceedings of the 11th ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, Mar. 29-31, New York, USA., pp: …
GPU-based static data-flow analysis for fast and scalable Android app vetting | X Yu, F Wei, X Ou, M Becchi, T Bicer… - … Processing Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In Proceedings of the 17th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of  Parallel Programming, PPoPP ’12, … Proceedings of the 22nd ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT  symposium on Principles of programming languages, pages 49–61. ACM, …
Beyond testing configurable systems: applying variational execution to automatic program repair and higher order mutation testing | CP Wong, J Meinicke, C Kästner - … and Symposium on the Foundations …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … flow tracking, interactions among multiple principles need to be tracked soundly to avoid  leaking sensitive information in unexpected ways. … In information flow tracking, sharing is  common in parts that are not affected by principles. Interactions are common, but not among all …
Energy-Efficient task scheduling in cloud data center-A temperature aware approach | S Sobhanayak, AK Turuk - 2019 3rd international conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … power-scalable cluster,” in Proceedings of the eleventh ACM SIGPLAN symposium on  Principles and practice of parallel programming. ACM, … tenth ACM SIGPLAN symposium  on Principles and practice of parallel …
Towards transparency-encouraging partial software disclosure to enable trust in data usage | C Schindler - 2020 35th IEEE/ACM International Conference on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is  permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on servers or to redistribute to lists,  requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. …
A microbenchmark to study gpu performance models | V Volkov - ACM SIGPLAN Notices, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … It is therefore important to have a mature and reliable performance modeling methodology,  which was not only shown to be accurate on a limited set of realistic workloads, but is also  based on carefully reviewed and widely accepted principles. Reviewing the principles that …
Synch: A framework for concurrent data-structures and benchmarks | ND Kallimanis - arXiv preprint arXiv:2103.16182, 2021 - arxiv.org | The recent advancements in multicore machines highlight the need to simplify concurrent  programming in order to leverage their computational power. One way to achieve this is by  designing efficient concurrent data structures (eg stacks, queues, hash-tables, etc.) and …
A Deeper Dive into Pattern-Aware Subgraph Exploration with PEREGRINE | K Jamshidi, K Vora - ACM SIGOPS Operating Systems Review, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language Design  and … Proceedings of the ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel …  In Proceedings of the ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP ’15), pages …
Logic-Based Program Synthesis and Transformation | F Fioravanti, JP Gallagher - 2018 - Springer | … It was co-located with PPDP 2017, the 19th International ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on  Principles and Practice of Declarative Programming. The co-location of these two related  conferences has occurred several times and has been stimulating and cross-fertilizing. Previous …
MMSparse: 2D partitioning of sparse matrix based on mathematical morphology | Z Tan, W Ji, J Gao, Y Zhao, A Benatia, Y Wang… - Future Generation …, 2020 - Elsevier | Sparse matrix is any matrix with enough zeros that it pays to take advantage of them. The  computational efficiency of sparse matrix–vector multiplication (SpMV) is significantly influenced  by the distribution of non-zero elements in sparse matrix, which is not fully exploited by …
Let's not make a fuzz about it | E Lobo-Vesga - 2021 IEEE/ACM 43rd International Conference …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | One of the most popular recipes to achieve differential privacy is to add noise calibrated to  the global sensitivity of the data analysis that one wants to make private [1] . This simple  idea has also found important applications in the design of programming frameworks to help …
Efficient multi-word compare and swap | R Guerraoui, A Kogan, VJ Marathe… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | Atomic lock-free multi-word compare-and-swap (MCAS) is a powerful tool for designing  concurrent algorithms. Yet, its widespread usage has been limited because lock-free  implementations of MCAS make heavy use of expensive compare-and-swap (CAS) instructions. …
Memory Utilization and Machine Learning Techniques for Compiler Optimization | AVS Madhav, S Singaravel… - ITM Web of Conferences, 2021 - itm-conferences.org | … Making use of registers and cache memory to their maximum potential, in order to increase  the efficiency of our computation is the core principle behind the process of cache optimization.  The commutative and associative properties of the computations can be utilized to form a …
Trends in relational program verification | B Beckert, M Ulbrich - Principled Software Development, 2018 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 31st ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming  Languages, POPL 2004, Venice, Italy, … In: Proceedings of the 36th ACM SIGPLAN Conference  on Programming Language Design and Implementation, Portland, OR, USA, June 15–…
An Axiomatic Approach to Detect Information Leaks in Concurrent Programs | S Ghosal, RK Shyamasundar - 2021 IEEE/ACM 43rd …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Mazi`eres, “Flexible dynamic information flow control in haskell,” in ACM Sigplan Notices,  vol. 46, no. 12, 2011, pp. … imperative language,” in Proceedings of the 25th ACM SIGPLANSIGACT  symposium on Principles of programming languages. ACM, …
Implementing multiparty session types in rust | N Lagaillardie, R Neykova, N Yoshida - International Conference on …, 2020 - Springer | Multiparty Session Types (MPST) is a typing discipline for distributed protocols, which ensures  communication safety and deadlock-freedom for more than two participants. This paper  reports on our research project, implementing multiparty session types in Rust. Current Rust …
Blockchain transaction processing | S Gupta, M Sadoghi - arXiv preprint arXiv:2107.11592, 2021 - arxiv.org | A blockchain is an append-only linked-list of blocks, which is maintained at each participating  node. Each block records a set of transactions and their associated metadata. Blockchain  transactions act on the identical ledger data stored at each node. Blockchain was first …
Towards an achievable performance for the loop nests | A Shivam, N Watkinson, A Nicolau, D Padua… - … on Languages and …, 2018 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the Eighth ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practices of  Parallel Programming, PPoPP 2001, pp. 103–112. … In: Proceedings of the 14th ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, PPoPP 2009, pp. 75–84. …
Towards a simple and safe Objective Caml compiling framework for the synchronous language SIGNAL | Z Yang, JP Bodeveix, M Filali - Frontiers of Computer Science, 2019 - Springer | This paper presents a simple and safe compiler, called MinSIGNAL, from a subset of the  synchronous dataflow language SIGNAL to C, as well as its existing enhancements. The  compiler follows a modular architecture, and can be seen as a sequence of source-to-source …
Using Scopus's CiteScore for assessing the quality of computer science conferences | LI Meho - Journal of Informetrics, 2019 - Elsevier | Publication, hiring, promotion, tenure, and funding decisions in computer science often  depend on an accurate assessment of the quality of conferences. This study reviews relevant  literature and tests Scopus’s CiteScore database and method for evaluating the quality of 395 …
Efficient location-level risk analytics | N Burke, O Baltzer, N Zeh - Proceedings of the 30th Annual International …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | We propose a system for performing risk analytics of reinsurance portfolios at the resolution  of individual insured locations. By using a graph-based portfolio representation, our system  achieves the flexibility to represent arbitrarily complex reinsurance portfolios. In spite of this …
Blame Tracking and Type Error Debugging | S Chen, J Campora III - Leibniz international proceedings in informatics, 2019 - par.nsf.gov | … In Proceedings of the 17th ACM SIGPLAN international conference on Functional  programming, ICFP ’12, pages 341–352, 2012. URL: http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/2364527.2364554,  doi:10.1145/2364527.2364554. 59 Dimitrios Vytiniotis, Simon Peyton jones, Tom Schrijvers, …
Backward Symbolic Execution with Loop Folding | M Chalupa, J Strejček - International Static Analysis Symposium, 2021 - Springer | … In principle, SE runs the program on symbols that represent arbitrary input values with the  aim to explore all execution paths. This approach is inherently doomed to suffer from the path  explosion problem. In other words, it typically runs out of available resources before finishing …
Benchmarking SpMV Methods on Many-Core Platforms | B Xie, Z Jia, Y Bao - … Symposium on Benchmarking, Measuring and …, 2018 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 34th ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language Design  and Implementation, PLDI 2013, pp. 117–126. … of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on  Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, PPoPP 2018, pp. 94–108. ACM, New York (…
Operational Semantics with Hierarchical Abstract Syntax Graphs | DR Ghica - arXiv preprint arXiv:2102.02363, 2021 - arxiv.org | This is a motivating tutorial introduction to a semantic analysis of programming languages using  a graphical language as the representation of terms, and graph rewriting as a representation  of reduction rules. We show how the graphical language automatically incorporates …
tpSpMV: a two-phase large-scale sparse matrix-vector multiplication kernel for manycore architectures | Y Chen, G Xiao, F Wu, Z Tang, K Li - Information Sciences, 2020 - Elsevier | Sparse matrix-vector multiplication (SpMV) is one of the important subroutines in numerical  linear algebras widely used in lots of large-scale applications. Accelerating SpMV on multicore  and manycore architectures based on Compressed Sparse Row (CSR) format via row-…
List of Tony Hoare's Publications | C Jones - Theories of Programming: The Life and Works of Tony …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Invited Address at SIGACT/SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages,  … In Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of …  Proceedings of the 39th ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming …
Efficient parallel determinacy race detection for two-dimensional dags | Y Xu, ITA Lee, K Agrawal - ACM SIGPLAN Notices, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to … In Proceedings of the  Ninth ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming (PPoPP ’03). …
PrideMM: Second Order Model Checking for Memory Consistency Models | S Cooksey, S Harris, M Batty, R Grigore… - International Symposium …, 2019 - Springer | We present PrideMM, an efficient model checker for second-order logic enabled by recent  breakthroughs in quantified satisfiability solvers. We argue that second-order logic sits at a  sweet spot: constrained enough to enable practical solving, yet expressive enough to cover an …
Certified Optimisation of Stream Operations Using Heterogeneous Staging | J Lowenthal, J Yallop - cl.cam.ac.uk | … We follow this principle and encode the CompCert C small-step reduction semantics [8] (Figure  2b) separately from our language specification. We use … In: Proceedings of the 44th ACM  SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, POPL 2017, doi:10.1145/…
A Relaxed Balanced Non-Blocking Binary Search Tree | M Singh, A Potanin - 2020 - openaccess.wgtn.ac.nz | We present a new relaxed balanced concurrent binary search tree in which all operations are  non-blocking. We utilise the notion of separating balancing operation and update operations  in a concurrent environment and design a nonblocking balancing operation in addition to …
Research Statment | A Sanchez-Stern - alexsanchezstern.com | … In Proceedings of the 26th Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, SOSP ’17, pages  270–286, New York, NY, USA, 2017. … ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language  Design and Implementation, PLDI ’15, pages 357–368, New York, NY, USA, 2015. ACM. …
Toward a Better Defined SYCL Memory Consistency Model | B Ashbaugh, JC Brodman, M Kinsner, G Lueck… - … Workshop on OpenCL, 2021 - dl.acm.org | A memory consistency model is a key component of a parallel programming model that  describes guaranteed behavior for applications and valid optimizations for implementers. The  SYCL 2020 specification took a step forward by adopting the atomic_ref syntax from the C++ 20 …
Robustness of neural networks: A probabilistic and practical approach | R Mangal, AV Nori, A Orso - 2019 IEEE/ACM 41st International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Neural networks are becoming increasingly prevalent in software, and it is therefore important  to be able to verify their behavior. Because verifying the correctness of neural networks is  extremely challenging, it is common to focus on the verification of other properties of these …
Monotonically relaxing concurrent data-structure semantics for increasing performance: An efficient 2d design framework | A Rukundo, A Atalar, P Tsigas - 33rd International Symposium on …, 2019 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … twenty-fourth annual ACM symposium on Parallelism in algorithms and architectures, pages  … ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, POPL ’13,  … In Proceedings of the 20th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel …
Solved and Open Problems in Type Error Diagnosis. | J Hage - STAF Workshops, 2020 - ceur-ws.org | … In: Proceedings of the 41st ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming  … In: Proceedings of the first ACM SIGPLAN symposium on Haskell. pp. 49–60. … In: POPL  ’02: Proceedings of the 29th ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on Principles of programming …
A predictable synchronisation algorithm | S Reif, W Schröder-Preikschat - … SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Interaction with physical objects often imposes latency requirements to multi-core embedded  systems. One consequence is the need for synchronisation algorithms that provide predictable  latency, in addition to high throughput. We present a synchronisation algorithm that …
Reasoning about modern datacenter infrastructures using partial histories | X Sun, L Suresh, A Ganesan, R Alagappan… - Proceedings of the …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. … In Proceedings of the 30th Annual  ACM SIGACTSIGOPS Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing (… In Proceedings of  the 45th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages (POPL’18) (Jan…
Safe-by-Default Concurrency for Modern Programming Languages | L Liu, T Millstein, M Musuvathi - ACM Transactions on Programming …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Modern “safe” programming languages follow a design principle that we call safety by default  and performance by choice. By default, … However, these same languages have adopted  the inverse design principle in their support for multithreading. By default, multithreaded …
Closer: A new design principle for the privileged virtual machine OS | D Mvondo, B Teabe, A Tchana… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper presents Closer, a principle for designing a suitable OS for the pVM. Closer  consists in respectively scheduling and allocating pVM’s tasks and memory as close to the  involved client VM as possible. By revisiting Linux and Xen hypervisor, we present a functioning …
Efficient translation of certain irregular data-parallel array comprehensions | M Elsman, KF Larsen - Trends in Functional Programming, 2020 - hiperfit.dk | We present an array comprehension language that features execution on single-instruction  multiple-data (SIMD) architectures even in cases where a comprehension leads to certain  kinds of non-regular nested parallelism. The comprehension language naturally supports …
Verification, Model Checking, and Abstract Interpretation LNCS 11388 | C Enea, R Piskac - Springer | This volume contains the papers presented at VMCAI 2019: the International Conference on  Verification, Model Checking, and Abstract Interpretation held during January 13–15, 2019,  in Cascais, Portugal, co-located with POPL 2019 (the annual ACM SIGPLAN/SIGACT …
Performance Optimization on GPGPU & Multicore CPU Using Roofline Model | NM Allayla, SA Dawwd - IOP Conference Series: Materials …, 2021 - iopscience.iop.org | … In Proceedings of the 17th ACM SIGPLAN symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel  … In Proceedings of the 17th ACM SIGPLAN symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel  … In 2013 IEEE 27th International Symposium on Parallel and Distributed Processing (pp. 661…
Who Carries the Burden of Modularity? | D Gurov, R Hähnle, E Kamburjan - International Symposium on …, 2020 - Springer | Modularity and compositionality in verification frameworks occur within different contexts: the  model that is the verification target, the specification of the stipulated properties, and the  employed verification principle. We give a representative overview of mechanisms to achieve …
Synthesizing JIT compilers for in-kernel DSLs | J Van Geffen, L Nelson, I Dillig, X Wang… - … Conference on Computer …, 2020 - Springer | … JitSynth can, in principle, solve this problem with the naive metasketch described in Sect.  . In practice, however, the naive metasketch … In principle, these innermost quantifiers are  not problematic because they range over finite domains (bitvectors) so the formula remains …
In-memory Representations of Databases via Succinct Data Structures: Tutorial Abstract | R Raman - … SIGMOD-SIGACT-SIGAI Symposium on Principles of …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In PODS’18: 35th ACM SIGMOD-SIGACTSIGAI Symposium on Principles of Database  Systems, June 10–15, 2018, Houston, TX, USA. … Copyrights for components of this work owned  by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or …
A Precise Framework for Source-Level Control-Flow Analysis | I Riouak, C Reichenbach, G Hedin… - 2021 IEEE 21st …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents INTRACFG, a declarative and language-independent framework for  constructing precise intraprocedural control-flow graphs (CFGs) based on the reference  attribute grammar system JastAdd. Unlike most other frameworks, which build CFGs on an …
A Formal Definition of Swift's Value Semantics | D Racordon - 2020 - archive-ouverte.unige.ch | … One successful, concrete application of this principle is found in Cyclone [25], and later refined  in Rust2. Other manifestations in mainstream … In Proceedings of the 13th ACM SIGPLAN  International Conference on Software Language Engineering, page 140–154, New York, NY, …
Reflecting Stacked Continuations in a Fine-Grained Direct-Style Reduction Theory | D Biernacki, M Pyzik, F Sieczkowski - … Symposium on Principles and …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | The delimited-control operator shift0 has been formally shown to capture the operational  semantics of deep handlers for algebraic effects. Its CPS translation generates λ-terms in which  continuation composition is not expressed in terms of nested function calls, as is typical of …
A gradual type system for elixir | M Cassola, A Talagorria, A Pardo, M Viera - Journal of Computer …, 2022 - Elsevier | Elixir is a functional programming language with dynamic typing. We propose a gradual type  system that makes it possible to perform type-checking on a significant fragment of the  language. An important feature of the type system is that it does not require any syntactic change …
Partial order aware concurrency sampling | X Yuan, J Yang, R Gu - International Conference on Computer Aided …, 2018 - Springer | We present POS, a concurrency testing approach that samples the partial order of concurrent  programs. POS uses a novel priority-based scheduling algorithm that dynamically reassigns  priorities regarding the partial order information and formally ensures that each partial …
Synthesizing object state transformers for dynamic software updates | Z Zhao, Y Jiang, C Xu, T Gu… - 2021 IEEE/ACM 43rd …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We argue that this is not likely the case because: (1) the design of PASTA follows the general  principles of software systems, and (2) the … the I2th international ACM SIGPLAN symposium  on Principles and practice of declarative programming (PPDP’I0). New York, NY, USA: …
Learning to represent programs with property signatures | A Odena, C Sutton - arXiv preprint arXiv:2002.09030, 2020 - arxiv.org | … We introduce a new representation for programs and their specifications, based on the principle  that to represent a program, we can use a set of simpler programs. This leads us to introduce  the concept … Later, we will describe a learning principle for choosing relevant properties. …
Hygienic macro technology | WD Clinger, M Wand - Proceedings of the ACM on Programming …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | The fully parenthesized Cambridge Polish syntax of Lisp, originally regarded as a temporary  expedient to be replaced by more conventional syntax, possesses a peculiar virtue: A read  procedure can parse it without knowing the syntax of any expressions, statements, definitions…
Communication optimization technology based on network dynamic performance model | X Cui, X Li, B Wang - Mathematical Problems in Engineering, 2020 - hindawi.com | This work analyses different communication modes in applications of supercomputing, proposes  a communication dynamic performance model based on topology awareness, and realizes  the prototype system of all-to-all communication and stencil communication optimization …
An adaptive concurrent priority queue for numa architectures | F Strati, C Giannoula, D Siakavaras… - … of the 16th ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is  permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on servers or to redistribute to lists,  requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. …
Inferring Taint Specifications of Libraries | C Wang - 2020 - wcphkust.github.io | 3 Conclusion The restrictive form of available information on library code pose the challenge  of sound specification inference. Dynamic execution-based and evidence-based inference  only under-approximate the behavior of libraries and miss some unseen behaviors, while …
Persistent atomics for implementing durable lock-free data structures for non-volatile memory (brief announcement) | W Wang, S Diestelhorst - The 31st ACM Symposium on Parallelism in …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 2018 ACM Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing. …  ceedings of the fourteenth annual ACM symposium on Principles of distributed computing.  ACM, 214–222. …
Gradual program analysis | S Estep - 2020 - digitalcommons.liberty.edu | Dataflow analysis and gradual typing are both well-studied methods to gain information about  computer programs in a finite amount of time. The gradual program analysis project seeks  to combine those two techniques in order to gain the benefits of both. This thesis explores …
Verified Software Units | L Beringer - Programming Languages and Systems, 2021 - library.oapen.org | … This flexibility is achieved by codifying how the reasoning principles associated with a  predicate can be selectively communicated to clients, using a device we call (existentially)  abstract predicate declarations (APDs)(§ 4). 3. To investigate specification modularity in the …
Optimizing sparse tensor times matrix on GPUs | Y Ma, J Li, X Wu, C Yan, J Sun, R Vuduc - Journal of Parallel and …, 2019 - Elsevier | This work optimizes tensor-times-dense matrix multiply (Ttm) for general sparse and semi-sparse  tensors on CPU and NVIDIA GPU platforms. Ttm is a computational kernel in tensor methods-based  data analytics and data mining applications, such as the popular Tucker …
Automated Dynamic Concurrency Analysis for Go | S Taheri, G Gopalakrishnan - arXiv preprint arXiv:2105.11064, 2021 - arxiv.org | The concurrency features of the Go language have proven versatile in the development of a  number of concurrency systems. However, correctness methods to address challenges in  Go concurrency debugging have not received much attention. In this work, we present an …
ReQWIRE: Reasoning about reversible quantum circuits | R Rand, J Paykin, DH Lee, S Zdancewic - arXiv preprint arXiv:1901.10118, 2019 - arxiv.org | … We already have a number of equivalences we can in principle use to rewrite our circuits,  and this work introduces new possible optimization, like reusing ancillae. It also allows us to  treat circuits that properly initialize and dispose of ancilla as unitary circuits, allowing for further …
ELDA: LDA made efficient via algorithm-system codesign submission | S Wang, D Li, H Yu, H Liu - … ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) is a statistical approach for topic modeling with a wide  range of applications. In spite of the significance, we observe very few attempts from system  track to improve LDA, let alone the algorithm and system codesigned efforts. To this end, we …
Single machine graph analytics on massive datasets using intel optane DC persistent memory | G Gill, R Dathathri, L Hoang, R Peri… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … runtime and algorithmic principles to consider when performing graph analytics on  extreme-scale graphs on Optane PMM and highlight principles that can apply to graph analytics  on all large-memory platforms. To demonstrate the importance of these principles, we evaluate …
A type system for inferring the log memory of transactional program from shared variables | NN Khai, TA Hoang - Le Quy Don Technical University-Section on …, 2018 - fit.lqdtu.edu.vn | In previous works, we built a type system for calculating the maximum resource usage of a  transactional program. However, this resource was calculated based on the parameters.  These parameters were the resources that transactions need to use and calculated manually …
Interactive Verification of Distributed Protocols Using Decidable Logic | S Shoham - International Static Analysis Symposium, 2018 - Springer | Distributed systems are becoming more and more pervasive in our lives, making their  correctness crucial. Unfortunately, distributed systems are notoriously hard to get right and  verify. Due to the infinite state space (eg, unbounded number of nodes and messages) and the …
Short Cut to Incremental Typed Functional Programs | A Morihata - maude.ucm.es | … of the 4th ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Functional Programming, ICFP’99,  Paris, France, September 27-29, 1999, ACM, pp. … In: Proceedings of the 2nd ACM SIGPLAN  International Conference on Functional Programming, ICFP’97, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, …
Failure is not an option | PM Pédrot, N Tabareau - European Symposium on Programming, 2018 - Springer | … As a byproduct, we also show that Markov’s principle is not provable in CIC. Both translations  have been implemented in a Coq plugin, … , we describe the exceptional translation and the  resulting new computational principles arising from it. In Sect. , we present the parametric …
From Identity to Difference: A Quantitative Interpretation of the Identity Type | P Pistone - arXiv preprint arXiv:2107.06150, 2021 - arxiv.org | … In Proceedings of the 44th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming  Languages, POPL 2017, page 545?556, New York, NY, … In Proceedings of the 39th annual ACM  SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on Principles of programming languages POPL ’12. ACM Press, …
Runtime and memory evaluation of data race detection tools | PH Lin, C Liao, M Schordan, I Karlin - International Symposium on …, 2018 - Springer | An analysis tool’s usefulness depends on whether its runtime and memory consumption  remain within reasonable bounds for a given program. In this paper we present an  evaluation of the memory consumption and runtime of four data race detection tools: Archer, …
Eliminating unstable tests in floating-point programs | CA Muñoz, MA Feliu, MM Moscato - arXiv preprint arXiv:1808.04289, 2018 - arxiv.org | … In: Proceedings of the 44th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming  Languages, POPL 2017. pp. 300–315… In: Proceedings of the 41st Annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT  Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, POPL 2014. pp. 235–248…
Extensible and Efficient Streaming Libraries | A Biboudis - Department of Informatics and Telecommunications, 2018 - di.uoa.gr | … Thus, our contributions are:(i) the principles and the design of stream libraries that  support the widest set of operations from past libraries and also permit the full elimination of …  of the 44th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages. pp. 285–299. …
ER catcher: a static analysis framework for accurate and scalable event-race detection in Android | N Salehnamadi, A Alshayban… - 2020 35th IEEE/ACM …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We rely on three principles: (principle 1) for a given thread ofexecution, a method's invocation  state must precede its start state, and a method's start state must precede its end state;  (principle 2) a method's invocation state precedes another method's invocation state ifthe call …
Crystalline: Fast and Memory Efficient Wait-Free Reclamation | R Nikolaev, B Ravindran - arXiv preprint arXiv:2108.02763, 2021 - arxiv.org | Historically, memory management based on lock-free reference counting was very inefficient,  especially for read-dominated workloads. Thus, approaches such as epoch-based reclamation  (EBR), hazard pointers (HP), or a combination thereof have received significant attention…
Overfitting in synthesis: Theory and practice | S Padhi, T Millstein, A Nori, R Sharma - International Conference on …, 2019 - Springer | In syntax-guided synthesis (SyGuS), a synthesizer’s goal is to automatically generate a  program belonging to a grammar of possible implementations that meets a logical specification.  We investigate a common limitation across state-of-the-art SyGuS tools that perform …
An efficient incremental strongly connected components algorithm for evolving directed graphs | X Liao, Y Chen, Y Zhang, H Jin, H Liu… - Scientia Sinica …, 2019 - engine.scichina.com | The strongly connected components (SCC) algorithm can contract a directed graph into a  directed acyclic graph and is widely used in directed graph analysis applications, such as  reachability queries. A variety of SCC algorithms for static directed graphs have been proposed …
Typed equivalence of effect handlers and delimited control | M Piróg, P Polesiuk, F Sieczkowski - 4th International Conference …, 2019 - drops.dagstuhl.de | It is folklore that effect handlers and delimited control operators are closely related: recently,  this relationship has been proved in an untyped setting for deep handlers and the shift_0  delimited control operator. We positively resolve the conjecture that in an appropriately …
Scaling application-level dynamic taint analysis to enterprise-scale distributed systems | X Fu, H Cai - Proceedings of the ACM/IEEE 42nd International …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the ACM SIGPLAN Fourth Workshop on Programming Languages and  Analysis for Security. … In Proceedings of the 26th ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on  Principles of … ACM, 228–241. [13] Venkatesh Prasad Ranganath and John Hatcliff. 2007. …
Parallel shadow execution to accelerate the debugging of numerical errors | S Chowdhary, S Nagarakatte - … Engineering Conference and Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … of the 19th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles  and Practice of Parallel Programming (Orlando, Florida, USA) (PPoPP ’14). ACM, New York, …
JaVerT: JavaScript Verification and Testing Framework: Invited Talk | P Gardner - … of the 20th International Symposium on Principles and …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 40th ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming  Languages (POPL’13). ACM Press, 31–44. [7… In ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming  Language Design and Implementation, PLDI ’14, Edinburgh, United Kingdom - June 09 - …
Convoider: A concurrency bug avoider based on transparent software transactional memory | Z Yu, Y Zuo, Y Zhao - International Journal of Parallel Programming, 2020 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of 18th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel  Programming, Shenzhen, China, pp. 113–122 (2013) … In: Proceedings of the 14th ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, Raleigh, USA, pp. 25–34 (…
Isla: Integrating full-scale ISA semantics and axiomatic concurrency models | A Armstrong, B Campbell, B Simner, C Pulte, P Sewell - 2021 - cl.cam.ac.uk | … Proceedings of the 38th ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language Design and  Implementation, PLDI 2017, Barcelona, Spain… Proceedings of the 44th ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, POPL 2017, Paris, France, January 18-20, …
Supply-Chain Vulnerability Elimination via Active Learning and Regeneration | N Vasilakis, A Benetopoulos, S Handa… - … of the 2021 ACM …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Software supply-chain attacks target components that are integrated into client applications.  Such attacks often target widely-used components, with the attack taking place via  operations (for example, file system or network accesses) that do not affect those aspects of …
A zero-positive learning approach for diagnosing software performance regressions | M Alam, J Gottschlich, N Tatbul, JS Turek… - Advances in Neural …, 2019 - papers.nips.cc | … In Proceedings of the 37th ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language Design  and Implementation, PLDI ’16, pages 251–… ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and  Practice of Parallel Programming, PPoPP ’14, pages 259–272, New York, NY, USA, 2014. ACM. …
Verifying an HTTP key-value server with Interaction Trees and VST | H Zhang, W Honoré, N Koh, Y Li, Y Li… - … Proving (ITP 2021), 2021 - drops.dagstuhl.de | We present a networked key-value server, implemented in C and formally verified in Coq.  The server interacts with clients using a subset of the HTTP/1.1 protocol and is specified and  verified using interaction trees and the Verified Software Toolchain. The codebase includes a …
The data calculator: Data structure design and cost synthesis from first principles and learned cost models | S Idreos, K Zoumpatianos, B Hentschel… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … principles of data structure design, ie, the core design principles out of which all data structures  can be drawn, then we will have a structured way to express all possible designs we may  invent, study, and employ as combinations of those principles. … a set of rst principles that can …
Androshield: Automated android applications vulnerability detection, a hybrid static and dynamic analysis approach | A Amin, A Eldessouki, MT Magdy, N Abdeen, H Hindy… - Information, 2019 - mdpi.com | The security of mobile applications has become a major research field which is associated  with a lot of challenges. The high rate of developing mobile applications has resulted in less  secure applications. This is due to what is called the “rush to release” as defined by Ponemon …
A scalable queue for work distribution on GPUs | B Kerbl, J Müller, M Kenzel, D Schmalstieg… - ACM SIGPLAN …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In PPoPP ’18: PPoPP ’18: 23nd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel  Programming, February 24–28, 2018, Vienna, Austria. ACM, New York, NY… In Proceedings  of the 22nd ACM symposium on Parallelism in algorithms and architectures (SPAA ’10). …
Typable fragments of polynomial automatic amortized resource analysis | L Pham, J Hoffmann - arXiv preprint arXiv:2010.16353, 2020 - arxiv.org | … In Proceedings of the 35th Annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on … 29th ACM  SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, POPL … 37th  Annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, …
Mechanising and verifying the webassembly specification | C Watt - … of the 7th ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | WebAssembly is a new low-level language currently being implemented in all major web  browsers. It is designed to become the universal compilation target for the web, obsoleting  existing solutions in this area, such as asm. js and Native Client. The WebAssembly working …
Fifty years of Hoare's logic | KR Apt, ER Olderog - Formal Aspects of Computing, 2019 - Springer | … (eds) Proceedings of the 36th ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposiumon principles of programming  languages, POPL 2009. ACM, pp 90–101 … In: Proceedings of the third annual ACM symposium  on principles of distributed computing, Vancouver, BC, Canada, August 27–29, 1984. …
Search-Based Local Black-Box Deobfuscation: Understand, Improve and Mitigate (Poster) | G Menguy, S Bardin, R Bonichon, CS Lima - … of the 2021 ACM SIGSAC …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … [6] shows how Monte Carlo Tree Search (MCTS) [8] can be leveraged to solve local  deobfuscation tasks by learning the semantics of pieces of protected codes in a blackbox manner,  in principle immune to the syntactic complexity of these codes. Their method and prototype, …
Two concurrent data structures for efficient datalog query processing | H Jordan, B Scholz, P Subotic - ACM SIGPLAN Notices, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … : 23nd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming,  February 24–28, 2018, Vienna, Austria. ACM, New … ACM acknowledges that this contribution  was authored or co-authored by an employee, contractor or affiliate of a national government. As …
Verifying Weakly Consistent Transactional Programs Using Symbolic Execution | BK Ozkan - International Conference on Networked Systems, 2020 - Springer | … In: The 44th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, POPL,  pp. 458–472. ACM (2017)Google Scholar … In: The 43rd Annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT  Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, POPL, pp. 371–384. …
Inferring inductive invariants from phase structures | YMY Feldman, JR Wilcox, S Shoham… - … Conference on Computer …, 2019 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 43rd Annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of  Programming Languages, POPL 2016, St. Petersburg, … In: Proceedings of the 44th ACM  SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, POPL 2017, Paris, France, 18–20 …
DIFFLOG: Beyond Deductive Methods in Program Analysis | M Raghothaman, S Kulkarni, R Zhang, X Si, K Heo… - cis.upenn.edu | … In: Proceedings of the 24th ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Object Oriented Programming  Systems Languages and Applications, OOPSLA 2009, ACM, pp… In: Proceedings of the 33rd  ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language Design and Implementation, PLDI 2012, …
The coming era of alphahacking?: A survey of automatic software vulnerability detection, exploitation and patching techniques | T Ji, Y Wu, C Wang, X Zhang… - 2018 IEEE third …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … AEG’s core principle is mainly divided into four steps: Firstly, locate the location of the  vulnerability. Secondly, get run-time information of the program such as the … fixpoints,” in  Proceedings of the 4th ACM SIGACT-SIGPLAN symposium on Principles of programming …
Sistemas de Tipos para Linguagens de Programação | CD VASCONCELLOS - 2020 - udesc.br | O uso de tipos em linguagens de programação tem objetivos diversos, como a detecção de  erros, a definição de abstrações, a otimização do código gerado e a documentação de  programas. Também existem linguagens recentes, como por exemplo Agda e Idris, que foram …
PhASAR: An Inter-procedural Static Analysis Framework for C/C++. | PD Schubert, B Hermann, E Bodden - TACAS (2), 2019 - sse.cs.tu-dortmund.de | … In: Proceedings of the ACM SIGPLAN International Workshop on State of the Art in Java …  In: Proceedings of the 3rd ACM SIGPLAN International Workshop on the State of the Art in Java  Program … In: Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of …
Pipelining bottom-up data flow analysis | Q Shi, C Zhang - Proceedings of the ACM/IEEE 42nd International …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on servers or to redistribute  to lists, … of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on Principles of programming …
Space and Time Bounded Multiversion Garbage Collection | N Ben-David, GE Blelloch, P Fatourou… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2021 - arxiv.org | We present a general technique for garbage collecting old versions for multiversion concurrency  control that simultaneously achieves good time and space complexity. Our technique  takes only $O(1)$ time on average to reclaim each version and maintains only a constant …
Optimization of the size of thread pool in runtime systems to enterprise application integration: a mathematical modelling approach | DL Freire, RZ Frantz, F Roos-Frantz, S Sawicki - TEMA (São Carlos), 2019 - SciELO Brasil | Companies seek technological alternatives that provide competitiveness for their business  processes. One of them is integration platforms, software tools that build integration  solutions, which allow the different applications that make up the software ecosystem to work …
Static analysis of pattern-free properties | H Cirstea, P Lermusiaux, PE Moreau - … Symposium on Principles and …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on servers or to …  In ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, POPL 2009. …
Multiversion concurrency with bounded delay and precise garbage collection | N Ben-David, GE Blelloch, Y Sun, Y Wei - The 31st ACM Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on servers … In ACM  SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming (PPoPP). ACM, 75–88. …
Developing a prototype of high-performance graph-processing framework for NEC SX–Aurora TSUBASA vector architecture | IV Afanasyev - Numerical methods and programming, 2020 - en.num-meth.ru | … Shun J., Blelloch GE Ligra: a lightweight graph processing framework for shared memory  // ACM SIGPLAN Notices. 2013. 48, N 8. … 21st ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles  and Practice of Parallel Programming. ACM SIGPLAN Notices. 2016. 48. …
Position: Gdpr compliance by construction | M Schwarzkopf, E Kohler, MF Kaashoek… - … , Polystores, and Analytics …, 2019 - Springer | New laws such as the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) grant  users unprecedented control over personal data stored and processed by businesses.  Compliance can require expensive manual labor or retrofitting of existing systems, eg, to handle …
Neural reverse engineering of stripped binaries | Y David, U Alon, E Yahav - 2019 - openreview.net | … We believe that the principles presented in this paper can serve as a basis for a wide range  of tasks that involve learning models and RE, such as malware and ransomware detection,  executable search, and neural decompilation. To this end, we make our dataset and trained …
Automated code acceleration targeting heterogeneous OpenCL devices | H Riebler, G Vaz, T Kenter, C Plessl - … 23rd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Accelerators can offer exceptional performance advantages. However, programmers need to  spend considerable efforts on acceleration, without knowing how sustainable the employed  programming models, languages and tools are. To tackle this challenge, we propose and …
{AGAMOTTO}: How Persistent is your Persistent Memory Application? | I Neal, B Reeves, B Stoler, A Quinn, Y Kwon… - … {USENIX} Symposium …, 2020 - usenix.org | … AGAMOTTO aims to achieve four high-level design principles: Automation. Bug-finding can  take a substantial amount of developer effort [56,68]; … In Proceedings of the ninth ACM  SIGPLAN symposium on Principles and practice of parallel programming, pages 179–190, 2003. …
From linear temporal logics to büchi automata: the early and simple principle | YK Tsay, MY Vardi - Model Checking, Synthesis, and Learning, 2021 - Springer | … simple” principle. When it comes to translating temporal formulae with past operators,  algorithms following the principle generalize more … In this paper, we give a tutorial presentation  of two translation algorithms adhering to the early and simple principle, one for formulae with …
Optimizing Tensor Contractions on GPUs | J Kim - 2019 - search.proquest.com | Tensor contractions are higher dimensional analogs of matrix multiplications. They form the  key kernels in many computational contexts such as high order models in quantum chemistry,  deep learning, finite element methods, etc. In contrast to the wide availability of high-…
Singularity: Pattern fuzzing for worst case complexity | J Wei, J Chen, Y Feng, K Ferles, I Dillig - … Symposium on the Foundations …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … In Proceedings of the the 6th joint meeting of  the European software engineering conference and the ACM SIGSOFT symposium on The …
Optimizing declarative parallel distributed graph processing by using constraint solvers | A Morihata, K Emoto, K Matsuzaki, Z Hu… - International Symposium …, 2018 - Springer | … Proceedings of the 20th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel  Programming, PPoPP 2015, pp. 194–204. … Proceedings of the 21st ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, PPoPP 2016, pp. 4:1–4:12. …
Brief Announcement: Fast Concurrent Data Sketches | A Rinberg, A Spiegelman, E Bortnikov, E Hillel, I Keidar… - 2019 - people.csail.mit.edu | Data sketches are approximate succinct summaries of long data streams. They are widely  used for processing massive amounts of data and answering statistical queries about it.  Existing libraries producing sketches are very fast, but do not allow parallelism for creating …
3.19 What We Learned About Dynamic GPU Data Structures | JD Owens - Data Structures for the Cloud and External Memory … - drops.dagstuhl.de | … I discuss principles that we followed in building them and then what we learned, including  lessons from mapping work to threads vs. warps, issues with contention, the use of the cache  hierarchy, surprising insertion throughput results for the LSM vs. the B-tree, memory allocation…
Decomposing Probabilistic Lambda-Calculi. | U Dal Lago, G Guerrieri, W Heijltjes - FoSSaCS, 2020 - library.oapen.org | … In: Proceedings of the 44th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming … In: The  41st Annual ACM SIGPLANSIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming … In: Proceedings  of the 43rd Annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming …
Model learning: a survey of foundations, tools and applications | S Ali, H Sun, Y Zhao - Frontiers of Computer Science, 2021 - Springer | Software systems are present all around us and playing their vital roles in our daily life. The  correct functioning of these systems is of prime concern. In addition to classical testing  techniques, formal techniques like model checking are used to reinforce the quality and reliability …
Vectorization for digital signal processors via equality saturation | A VanHattum, R Nigam, VT Lee, J Bornholt… - … of the 26th ACM …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming (PPoPP).  [… In ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages (POPL). …  In ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages (POPL). [37…
The RERS challenge: towards controllable and scalable benchmark synthesis | F Howar, M Jasper, M Mues, D Schmidt… - International Journal on …, 2021 - Springer | This paper (1) summarizes the history of the RERS challenge for the analysis and verification  of reactive systems, its profile and intentions, its relation to other competitions, and, in  particular, its evolution due to the feedback of participants, and (2) presents the most recent …
A dependently typed library for static information-flow control in idris | S Gregersen, SE Thomsen, A Askarov - arXiv preprint arXiv:1902.06590, 2019 - arxiv.org | … Additionally, the design of our declassification mechanism follows the principle of separation  of policy annotations and code. The use of dependent types increases the permissiveness  of our enforcement as we discuss throughout the paper. While our approach is not fully …
A Web Tool for XQuery Debugging | JM Almendros-Jiménez, A Becerra-Terón - International Conference on …, 2021 - Springer | This system demo shows how to debug XQuery programs using an algorithmic debugger  developed for XQuery. The debugging process consists in the building of a debugging tree and  the answering of questions Yes/No by the user about the results of Function calls and XPath …
Hybrid statistical estimation of mutual information and its application to information flow | F Biondi, Y Kawamoto, A Legay… - Formal Aspects of …, 2019 - Springer | … In 15th international symposium on automated technology for verification and analysis (ATVA’17),  volume 10482 of Lecture notes in … ACM SIGPLAN 2008 conference on programming  language design and implementation, Tucson, AZ, USA, June 7–13, 2008. ACM, pp 193–205 …
SPLASH: U: Gradual Program Analysis | S Estep - src.acm.org | Annotations are a common and useful way to make static analysis tools more usable, but  there is no standard way to analyze programs that have only partial annotations. We give a  formal framework that transforms arbitrary static analyses assuming complete annotations into …
Verified efficient libraries for CakeML | H KANABAR - hrutvik.co.uk | The CakeML project has matured since 2012, and is now a practical language with an  optimising, end-to-end verified compiler. We turn our attention to performance and usability,  aiming to enable useful applications in CakeML which maintain the guarantees of the verified …
Analysis of blockchain smart contracts: Techniques and insights | S Kim, S Ryu - 2020 IEEE Secure Development (SecDev), 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | A blockchain records transactions among users on a public ledger. It has become front and  center of the technology discussion in recent years. A piece of code deployed on a ledger and  executed automatically by nodes on the network is a smart contract. While smart contracts …
GPU Implementation of Line Solve Power Series Preconditioner used in Reservoir Simulation | O Hajjar, A Alturki, M Baddouma - Fourth EAGE Workshop on High …, 2019 - earthdoc.org | … Fast tridiagonal solvers on the GPU, Proceedings of the 15th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium  on Principles and Practice of Parallel … , Fast tridiagonal solvers on the GPU, Proceedings  of the 15th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, …
A programming framework for differential privacy with accuracy concentration bounds | E Lobo-Vesga, A Russo… - 2020 IEEE Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We believe the principles behind DPella, ie, the use of concentration bounds guided by taint  analysis, could generalize for more notions of privacy such as Renyi-DP [55], concentrated  differential privacy [56], zero concentrated differential privacy [57], or truncated concentrated …
Vampire 4.4-SMT System Description | G Reger, M Suda, A Voronkov, E Kotelnikov… - smt2019.galois.com | … In ACM SIGPLAN 2016 proceedings, pages 37–48, 2016. [5] Evgenii Kotelnikov, Laura Kovács,  and Andrei Voronkov. A first class … Gordon, editors, Proceedings of the 44th ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, POPL 2017, pages 260–270. ACM…
An Efficient Dynamic Analysis Tool for Checking Durable Linearizability | C Peterson, D Dechev - 2021 International Conference on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Proceedings of the 31st ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming  Languages (Venice, Italy) (POPL ’04). Association … ceedings of the 22nd ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, Vol. 52. ACM, 45–59. [47] Ismail …
On Evaluating the Renaissance Benchmarking Suite: Variety, Performance, and Complexity | A Prokopec, A Rosà, D Leopoldseder… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … In Proceedings of the 22Nd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of  Parallel Programming (PPoPP ’17). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 357–369. https://doi.org/10.1145/3018743.3018761  [12] Swarnendu Biswas, Man Cao, Minjia Zhang, Michael D. Bond, and Ben…
A mixed real and floating-point solver | R Salvia, L Titolo, MA Feliú, MM Moscato… - … Methods Symposium, 2019 - Springer | Abstract Reasoning about mixed real and floating-point constraints is essential for developing  accurate analysis tools for floating-point programs. This paper presents FPRoCK, a  prototype tool for solving mixed real and floating-point formulas. FPRoCK transforms a mixed …
Staged Effects and Handlers for Modular Languages with Abstraction | CB Poulsen, C van der Rest… - Workshop on Partial …, 2021 - casperbp.net | This short paper aims to use modular effects to define modular languages with lambda  abstraction. We argue that existing approaches to algebraic effects and handlers are not  suitable for this challenge. Instead, we propose a new approach that we dub staged effects and …
The construction of set-truncated higher inductive types | N van der Weide, H Geuvers - Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … We define the induction principle of HITs via displayed algebras in Section 5 and we  show that initial objects satisfy this principle. Section 6 contains the main result of this paper  and there we construct an adjunction between algebras in sets and setoids, and we use it to …
interact: An Interactive Design Environment for Asynchronous Logic | J He, W Hua, YS Lu, S Maleki, Y Yang, K Pingali… - woset-workshop.github.io | … Our design of netlist adaptors is an example of dependency inversion principle in software  engineering. Without a netlist adaptor, gate-level … In Proceedings of the 26th ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, PPoPP ’21, page 161–174, …
Solving Linear Systems on High Performance Hardware with Resilience to Multiple Hard Faults | D Loreti, M Artioli, A Ciampolini - … International Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Chen, “Online-abft: an online algorithm based fault tolerance scheme for soft error detection  in iterative methods,” in ACM SIGPLAN Sym- posium on Principles and Practice of Parallel  Programming, PPoPP ’13, Shenzhen, China, February 23-27, 2013, A. Nicolau, X. Shen, SP …
Tracking in order to recover: Recoverable lock-free data structures | H Attiya, O Ben-Baruch, P Fatourou, D Hendler… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | We present the \emph{tracking approach} for deriving \emph{recoverable} implementations  of several widely-used concurrent data structures. Recoverability is appealing for emerging  systems featuring byte-addressable \emph{non-volatile main memory} (\emph{NVRAM}), …
MLIR: A compiler infrastructure for the end of Moore's law | C Lattner, M Amini, U Bondhugula, A Cohen… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … The paper also presents the rationale for MLIR, its original design principles, structures and …  This section describes the design of the IR in MLIR following the principles from the …  extensibility of MLIR and demonstrate how well it implements the customizability design principle. …
Tiramisu: A polyhedral compiler for expressing fast and portable code | R Baghdadi, J Ray, MB Romdhane… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper introduces Tiramisu, a polyhedral framework designed to generate high  performance code for multiple platforms including multicores, GPUs, and distributed machines.  Tiramisu introduces a scheduling language with novel commands to explicitly manage the …
Towards using concurrent Java API correctly.(2016) | S LIU, G BAI, J SUN, JS DONG - … if the 21st International Conference on … - core.ac.uk | Concurrent Programs are hard to analyze or debug due to the complex program logic and  unpredictable execution environment. In practice, ordinary programmers often adopt existing  well-designed concurrency related API (eg, those in java. util. concurrent) so as to avoid …
There Are No Doubly Non-Interleaving List CRDTs | M Weidner - 2021 - mattweidner.com | Conflict-free Replicated Data Types (CRDTs)[13, 10] are highly available replicated data  types used in distributed key-value stores [2] and collaborative web apps [8]. A list CRDT is a  CRDT representing a list, with operations to insert and delete elements. A prominent use case …
Get rid of inline assembly through verification-oriented lifting | F Recoules, S Bardin, R Bonichon… - 2019 34th IEEE/ACM …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Formal methods for software development have made great strides in the last two decades, to  the point that their application in safety-critical embedded software is an undeniable success.  Their extension to non-critical software is one of the notable forthcoming challenges. For …
SME: A New Software Transactional Memory Based Mutual Exclusion Algorithm for Distributed Systems | S Kanrar - IFIP International Conference on Computer Information …, 2018 - Springer | The utilization of concurrent computing has significantly increased in the last three decades  for various commercial and scientific applications. However, concurrent systems often have  an astronomically large number of possible executions. These executions may proceed in …
Brief announcement: Persistent atomics for implementing durable lock-free data structures for non-volatile memory | W Wang, S Diestelhorst - SPAA, 2019 - wilwan01.github.io | … In Proceedings of the 2018 ACM Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing. …  ceedings of the fourteenth annual ACM symposium on Principles of distributed computing.  ACM, 214–222. …
Design and implementation of adaptive spmv library for multicore and many-core architecture | G Tan, J Liu, J Li - ACM Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS), 2018 - dl.acm.org | Sparse matrix vector multiplication (SpMV) is an important computational kernel in traditional  high-performance computing and emerging data-intensive applications. Previous SpMV  libraries are optimized by either application-specific or architecture-specific approaches but …
Krill: a compiler and runtime system for concurrent graph processing | H Chen, M Shen, N Xiao, Y Lu - … of the International Conference for High …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … In Proceedings of the 18th ACM  SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, 2013. [6] Narayanan …
Pridemm: A solver for relaxed memory models | S Cooksey, S Harris, M Batty, R Grigore… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | Relaxed memory models are notoriously delicate. To ease their study, several ad hoc  simulators have been developed for axiomatic memory models. We show how axiomatic  memory models can be simulated using a solver for $\exists$SO. Further, we show how memory …
Hash Consed Points-To Sets | M Barbar, Y Sui - International Static Analysis Symposium, 2021 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 28th ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language  Design and Implementation, PLDI 2007, pp. 290–299. … of the 38th Annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT  Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, POPL 2011, pp. 3–16. ACM, USA (2011…
Taint analysis of arrays in Android applications | A Maalouf, L Lu - Proceedings of the 36th Annual ACM Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … In Proceedings of the 4th ACM SIGACT-SIGPLAN  symposium on Principles of programming languages. 238–252. [10] Isil Dillig, Thomas …
Daydream: Accurately Estimating the Efficacy of Optimizations for {DNN} Training | H Zhu, A Phanishayee, G Pekhimenko - 2020 {USENIX} Annual …, 2020 - usenix.org | Modern deep neural network (DNN) training uses a complex software/hardware stack used  by machine learning (ML) practitioners are often heterogeneous. The efficacy of software-level  optimizations can vary significantly when applied to different configurations. It is onerous …
Predictable Synchronisation Algorithms for Asynchronous Critical Sections | S Reif, W Schröder-Preikschat - 2018 - opus4.kobv.de | … of the 17th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming  (PPoPP 2012). ACM Press, 2012, pp. 247–256. … Afek, “Fast concurrent queues for x86  processors,” in Proceedings of the 18th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of …
Using OpenMP to Detect and Speculate Dynamic DOALL Loops | BC Honorio, JPL de Carvalho, M Skaf… - International Workshop on …, 2020 - Springer | Production compilers such as GCC, Clang, IBM XL and the Intel C Compiler employ multiple  loop parallelization techniques that help in the task of parallel programming. Although very  effective, these techniques are only applicable to loops that the compiler can statically …
A stealing mechanism for delegation methods | Z Yi, Y Yao - The Journal of Supercomputing, 2021 - Springer | … ) to illustrate the principle of our stealing mechanism in more detail. We assume that there are  4 clients and the lock is free. First, client 1 successfully … In: Proceedings of the ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming (PPoPP), pp. 215-226 …
Resource-aware program analysis via online abstraction coarsening | K Heo, H Oh, H Yang - … /ACM 41st International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present a new technique for developing a resource-aware program analysis. Such an  analysis is aware of constraints on available physical resources, such as memory size, tracks  its resource use, and adjusts its behaviors during fixpoint computation in order to meet the …
Layered clause selection for theory reasoning | B Gleiss, M Suda - International Joint Conference on Automated …, 2020 - Springer | … In our understanding, the additional layer (in principle, there could be more than two) provides  a clean way of incorporating into clause selection a new notion of what a preferred clause  should be, without a priori disturbing the already established and tuned primary approach, …
On the complexity of checking consistency for replicated data types | R Biswas, M Emmi, C Enea - International Conference on Computer Aided …, 2019 - Springer | … Proceedings of the ACM SIGPLAN 2007 Conference on Programming Language Design  and Implementation, San Diego, California, USA… Proceedings of the 32nd ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT  Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, POPL 2005, Long Beach, …
Mixed Sessions | P Müller, V Vasconcelos, F Casal… - … Symposium on …, 2020 - europepmc.org | Session types describe patterns of interaction on communicating channels. Traditional session  types include a form of choice whereby servers offer a collection of options, of which each  client picks exactly one. This sort of choice constitutes a particular case of separated choice: …
A robust and efficient defense against use-after-free exploits via concurrent pointer sweeping | D Liu, M Zhang, H Wang - … of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Applications in C/C++ are notoriously prone to memory corruptions. With significant research  efforts devoted to this area of study, the security threats posed by previously popular  vulnerabilities, such as stack and heap overflows, are not as serious as before. Instead, we have …
Towards Principled Compilation of Ethereum Smart Contracts (SoK) | EJG Arias - 2019 10th IFIP International Conference on New …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | A blockchain is a tamper-proof distributed transaction registry; first popularized by Bitcoin [1],  it has now been extended to support storage of arbitrary state and computations in-ledger.  Ethereum [2] and its smart contract model have proven to be a very popular choice for this task…
How could Neural Networks understand Programs? | D Peng, S Zheng, Y Li, G Ke, D He, TY Liu - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2021 - arxiv.org | … In Proceedings of the 4th ACM SIGACT-SIGPLAN symposium on Principles of programming  … In Proceedings of the 6th ACM SIGACT-SIGPLAN symposium on Principles of programming  … In Proceedings of the 4th ACM SIGACT-SIGPLAN symposium on Principles of programming …
On Decision Support for Quantum Application Developers: Categorization, Comparison, and Analysis of Existing Technologies | D Vietz, J Barzen, F Leymann, K Wild - International Conference on …, 2021 - Springer | … After having covered the basic principles and related work in Sect. , Sect. provides a  detailed problem statement. … In: Proceedings of the 41st ACM SIGPLAN Conference on  Programming Language Design and Implementation, pp. 286–300. PLDI 2020. …
Local algebraic effect theories | Ž Lukšič, M Pretnar - Journal of Functional Programming, 2020 - cambridge.org | … The same principle applies in general, as we may replace any set of equations with an  equivalent one. … The principle of induction states that a property holds for all computations of  type A!Σ/c, if it holds for all computations that return a value of type A, and for all computations that …
Inherent Parallelism and Speedup Estimation of Sequential Programs | S Kalyur, N GS - Annals of Emerging Technologies in Computing …, 2021 - aetic.theiaer.org | … [10] Seyong Lee, Seung-Jai Min and Rudolf Eigenmann, “Openmp to gpgpu: a compiler  framework for automatic translation and optimization”, ACM Sigplan Notices, pp… realistic model  of parallel computation”, In Proceedings of the fourth ACM SIGPLAN symposium on Principles …
A fresh look at the lambda-calculus (invited talk) | B Accattoli - 4th International Conference on Formal Structures …, 2019 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … We are here exposing these principles hoping to receive feedback from the community, for  instance, helping us identifying further essential principles, if any. We also believe that single  researchers tend to specialise excessively in one of the principles, forgetting the global …
Practical Aspects of Declarative Languages | E Komendantskaya, YA Liu - 2020 - Springer | … Z3 received the 2015 ACM SIGPLAN Software System award and most influential tool  paper in the first 20 years of TACAS, and the ETAPS test of time award. Leonardo and Nikolaj  received the Herbrand Award at CADE 2019, in recognition of numerous and important …
Space/Time Analysis for Cybersecurity (STAC) | MD Adams - 2021 - apps.dtic.mil | The UtahIrvine teams approach to the STAC program was focused on statically analyzing JVM  byte code. It was one of the only teams that took a pure static analysis approach. This  approach uncovered limitations of the state of the art in static analysis, and the UtahIrvine team …
Automating non-blocking synchronization in concurrent data abstractions | J Zhang, Q Yi, D Dechev - 2019 34th IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Most C++ data abstractions in principle can be at least partially converted by our compiler,  by excluding public functions that are unsafe. … concurrent objects,” in Proceedings of the  2008 ACM SIGPLAN conference on Programming language design and implementa- …
An Adventure in Symbolic Execution | G Érdi - 32nd Symposium on Implementation and Application of …, 2020 - gergo.erdi.hu | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … In Proceedings of the 22nd ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT  symposium on Principles of programming languages, pages 333–343, 1995. [5] JP …
An energy-efficient queuing mechanism for latency reduction in multi-threading | R Mishra, I Ahmad, A Sharma - Sustainable Computing: Informatics and …, 2021 - Elsevier | Energy-efficient mechanisms for reducing the latency in queuing of multiple threads running  on multi-core chips have been a topic of great interest. This is because not only is a high  latency undesirable, but it also collectively exacerbates the energy consumption. For lowering …
Towards constructing the SSA form using reaching definitions over dominance frontiers | AN Masud, F Ciccozzi - 2019 19th International Working …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In Proceedings of the 18th ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming  … In Proceedings of the 5th ACM SIGACT-SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of … ings of the  15th ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, POPL ’…
Improving transactional code generation via variable annotation and barrier elision | JPL De Carvalho, BC Honorio… - … Symposium (IPDPS), 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | With chip manufacturers such as Intel, IBM and ARM offering native support for transactional  memory in their instruction set architectures, memory transactions are on the verge of being  considered a genuine application tool rather than just an interesting research topic. Despite …
Automatic Generation of Multi-Objective Polyhedral Compiler Transformations | L Chelini, T Gysi, T Grosser, M Kong… - Proceedings of the ACM …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy … In Proceedings of the 19th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium  on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming (PPoPP ’14). ACM, New York, NY, USA, …
Structural language models of code | U Alon, R Sadaka, O Levy… - … Conference on Machine …, 2020 - proceedings.mlr.press | We address the problem of any-code completion-generating a missing piece of source code  in a given program without any restriction on the vocabulary or structure. We introduce a  new approach to any-code completion that leverages the strict syntax of programming …
Counterexample-driven genetic programming: stochastic synthesis of provably correct programs | K Krawiec, I Błądek, J Swan, JH Drake - Proceedings of the 27th …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Search ACM Digital Library … In Proceedings of the ACM SIGPLAN 2012 Workshop on  Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation, PEPM '12, pages 43-52, New York, NY, USA,  2012. ACM. Google Scholar Google Scholar …
Llov: A fast static data-race checker for openmp programs | U Bora, S Das, P Kukreja, S Joshi… - ACM Transactions on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | In the era of Exascale computing, writing efficient parallel programs is indispensable, and,  at the same time, writing sound parallel programs is very difficult. Specifying parallelism with  frameworks such as OpenMP is relatively easy, but data races in these programs are an …
JaVerT: JavaScript verification and testing framework | P Gardner - 2018 - spiral.imperial.ac.uk | … In Proceedings of the 40th ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming  Languages (POPL’13). ACM Press, 31–44. [7… In ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming  Language Design and Implementation, PLDI ’14, Edinburgh, United Kingdom - June 09 - …
Instead of Rewriting Foreign Code for Machine Learning, Automatically Synthesize Fast Gradients | WS Moses, V Churavy - arXiv preprint arXiv:2010.01709, 2020 - arxiv.org | … In Proceedings of the 4th ACM SIGACT-SIGPLAN symposium on Principles of programming  languages, pages 238–252, 1977… ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of  Parallel Programming, PPoPP ’17, pages 249–265, New York, NY, USA, January 2017. ACM…
The Case for Intra-Unikernel Isolation | P Olivier, A Barbalace, B Ravindran - space, 2020 - ssrg.ece.vt.edu | … In this paper we argue that a fundamental design principle of unikernels, the fact that one  instance is viewed as a single unit of trust, is not … design principle: the presence of a single  address space. We investigate bringing intra-unikernel isolation without breaking that principle …
Automated detection of serializability violations under weak consistency | K Nagar, S Jagannathan - arXiv preprint arXiv:1806.08416, 2018 - arxiv.org | While a number of weak consistency mechanisms have been developed in recent years to  improve performance and ensure availability in distributed, replicated systems, ensuring  correctness of transactional applications running on top of such systems remains a difficult and …
Code Generation for Higher inductive Types | P Vivekanandan - International Workshop on Functional and Constraint …, 2018 - Springer | … We automate the production of the recursion principles, induction principles, and their  computational behavior. Angiuli et al.’s encoding of patch theory as a higher inductive type [6]  requires approximately 1500 lines of code when represented using rewriting [8, 13], a new …
Semantic Mapping from SysML to FRP: to Enable Executable and Verifiable Systems Design | J Huang, W Khallouli, HH AH… - 2021 IEEE …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The emerging Digital Engineering demands digital representation of the system of interest  and sharing models and data across the boundaries of organizations and the boundaries of  the engineering lifecycle. Towards this direction, it is critical to develop systems modeling …
A Categorical Approach to the Geometry of Synchronisation | U Dal Lago, N Hoshino - cs.appstate.edu | … The aim of this talk is to give a general perspective and compositional reasoning principles  for multi-token machines in terms of traced … As reasoning principle for interaction process  with multiple tokens, it is shown in [3, 7] that multi-token machines enjoy some nice properties: …
Improving blocked matrix-matrix multiplication routine by utilizing AVX-512 instructions on intel knights landing and xeon scalable processors | Y Park, R Kim, TMT Nguyen, J Choi - Cluster Computing, 2021 - Springer | In high-performance computing, the general matrix-matrix multiplication (xGEMM) routine is  the core of the Level 3 BLAS kernel for effective matrix-matrix multiplication operations. The  performance of parallel xGEMM (PxGEMM) is significantly affected by two main factors: the …
Quantifiability: Correctness of Concurrent Programs in Vector Space | V Cook, C Peterson, Z Painter… - 2021 29th Euromicro …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Building on Principle 1 that conserves the method calls themselves, Principle 2 requires that  a value can be assigned to the method call. All … model checking software,” in Proceedings  of the 32nd ACM SIGPLANSIGACT symposium on Principles of programming languages, vol. …
A tour of gallifrey, a language for geodistributed programming | M Milano, R Recto, T Magrino… - 3rd Summit on Advances …, 2019 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … This paper proposes Gallifrey, a general-purpose language for distributed programming,  whose guiding principles are extensibility, modularity, and flexible consistency. Gallifrey’s  design encourages extensibility and modularity through the principle of orthogonal replication.…
Gardenia: A graph processing benchmark suite for next-generation accelerators | Z Xu, X Chen, J Shen, Y Zhang, C Chen… - ACM Journal on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | This article presents the Graph Algorithm Repository for Designing Next-generation Accelerators  (GARDENIA), a benchmark suite for studying irregular graph algorithms on massively  parallel accelerators. Applications with limited control and data irregularity are the main focus …
BinTrimmer: Towards Static Binary Debloating Through Abstract Interpretation | N Redini, R Wang, A Machiry, Y Shoshitaishvili… - … on Detection of …, 2019 - Springer | The increasing complexity of modern programs motivates software engineers to often rely on  the support of third-party libraries. Although this practice allows application developers to  achieve a compelling time-to-market, it often makes the final product bloated with conspicuous …
Performance Analysis of Thread Block Schedulers in GPGPU and Its Implications | KW Cho, H Bahn - Applied Sciences, 2020 - mdpi.com | … principles and application performance evaluation of a multithreaded GPU using CUDA. In  Proceedings of the 13th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles … In Proceedings of the 22nd  ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, Austin, TX, …
On the reduction of the type-free computational λ-calculus | U De'Liguoro, R Treglia - 9th International Workshop on Confluence, 2020 - iris.unito.it | We study the reduction of the computational λ-calculus in the untyped case. To this aim, we  consider a minimal fragment of the λ-calculus with monads as introduced by Wadler, and  define a notion of call-by-value reduction just by orienting the three monad equational laws. We …
Lock contention management in multithreaded mpi | A Amer, H Lu, P Balaji, M Chabbi, Y Wei… - ACM Transactions on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In this article, we investigate contention management in lock-based thread-safe MPI libraries.  Specifically, we make two assumptions: (1) locks are the only form of synchronization when  protecting communication paths; and (2) contention occurs, and thus serialization is …
On the completeness of verifying message passing programs under bounded asynchrony | A Bouajjani, C Enea, K Ji, S Qadeer - International Conference on …, 2018 - Springer | We address the problem of verifying message passing programs, defined as a set of processes  communicating through unbounded FIFO buffers. We introduce a bounded analysis that  explores a special type of computations, called k-synchronous. These computations can be …
A Heuristic Region-based Concurrency Bug Testing Approach | KC Chin, RS Tsay, HI Wu - 2020 IEEE Intl Conf on Parallel & …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper, we propose an effective concurrency bug testing approach that focuses on  suspicious bug-causing code regions instead of indiscriminately testing the whole program.  Additionally, with a simple loop heuristic, the region-based approach effectively avoids the state …
Towards efficient SpMV on sunway manycore architectures | C Liu, B Xie, X Liu, W Xue, H Yang, X Liu - Proceedings of the 2018 …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel  Programming (PPoPP ’18). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 338–353… In Proceedings of the 19th  ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming (PPoPP ’14). …
A Conflict-free Scheduler for High-performance Graph Processing on Multi-pipeline FPGAs | Q Wang, L Zheng, J Zhao, X Liao, H Jin… - ACM Transactions on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … This “rich get richer” principle will certainly cause high-degree vertices to be assigned  consecutive indices [35… In Proceedings of the 24th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on  Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming (PPoPP’19). ACM, 393–394. …
cuMBIR: An efficient framework for low-dose x-ray CT image reconstruction on GPUs | X Li, Y Liang, W Zhang, T Liu, H Li, G Luo… - Proceedings of the 2018 …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … In Proceedings of the 22Nd ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming. 31–43. [39] Xing Zhao, Jing-…
Reasoning about recursive tree traversals | Y Wang, J Liu, D Zhang, X Qiu - … SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Traversals are commonly seen in tree data structures, and performance-enhancing  transformations between tree traversals are critical for many applications. Existing approaches to  reasoning about tree traversals and their transformations are ad hoc, with various limitations on …
A functional abstraction of typed invocation contexts | Y Cong, C Ishio, K Honda, K Asai - arXiv preprint arXiv:2110.07349, 2021 - arxiv.org | In their paper "A Functional Abstraction of Typed Contexts", Danvy and Filinski show how to  derive a type system of the shift and reset operators from a CPS semantics. In this paper, we  show how this method scales to Felleisen's control and prompt operators. Compared to shift …
1 My Research Topic and Significance | X Wang - scholar.harvard.edu | … this project has received attention from ACM award committee and this work was selected  as a finalist for 2017 ACM Gordon Bell Prize. … ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and  Practice of Parallel Programming, PPoPP ’17, pages 207–220, New York, NY, USA, 2017. ACM…
Transient typechecks are (almost) free | R Roberts, S Marr, M Homer, J Noble - arXiv preprint arXiv:1807.00661, 2018 - arxiv.org | … to typed code, while Grace inserts transient checks only at explict type annotations (but in  principle checks every annotation every time). … In Proceedings of the 2013 ACM SIGPLAN  International Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages & Applic- …
Reduction from branching-time property verification of higher-order programs to HFL validity checking | K Watanabe, T Tsukada, H Oshikawa… - … the 2019 ACM SIGPLAN …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Various methods have recently been proposed for temporal property verification of higher-order  programs. In those methods, however, either temporal properties were limited to linear-time  ones, or target programs were limited to finite-data programs. In this paper, we extend …
An overview about Information Flow Control at different categories and levels | D Ziesche - Advanced Microkernel Operating Systems, 2018 - cs.hs-rm.de | This paper presents an overview to Information Flow Control and also gives a brief outline  about various implementation, which will be categorized by different features they offer. The  main focus of this paper is what different features the implementations hold and how they …
Subway: Minimizing data transfer during out-of-GPU-memory graph processing | AHN Sabet, Z Zhao, R Gupta - … of the Fifteenth European Conference on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on … In Proceedings  of the 18th ACM SIGPLAN symposium on Principles and practice of parallel programming, …
The Impact of Object Immutability on the Java Class Size | Y Bugayenko, S Zykov - Procedia Computer Science, 2020 - Elsevier | … In Proceedings of the 22nd annual ACM SIGPLAN … Concurrent programming in Java:  design principles and patterns. Addison-Wesley Professional. … the 35th annual ACM  SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on Principles of programming languages. 183–195. …
'Platformizing'a bad business does not make it a good business | MA Cusumano - Communications of the ACM, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … 19–25 POPL ’20: The 47th Annual ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming  Language, New Orleans, LA, Sponsored: ACM/SIG, … 20–21 CPP ’20: 9th ACM SIGPLAN  International Conference on Certified Programs and Proofs, New Orleans, LA, Sponsored: …
Automine: harmonizing high-level abstraction and high performance for graph mining | D Mawhirter, B Wu - … ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the 27th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles: AutoMine:  harmonizing high-level abstraction and high per … In Proceedings of the 20th ACM  SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, PPoPP …
Fully Abstract and Robust Compilation and How to Reconcile the Two, Abstractly | C Abate, M Busi, S Tsampas - arXiv preprint arXiv:2006.14969, 2020 - arxiv.org | … Proceeding of the 13th ACM SIGPLAN international conference on Functional programming,  ICFP 2008, Victoria, BC, Canada, September … In: Proceedings of the 1st annual ACM  SIGACT-SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, pp. 144–152 (1973) [34] …
GraphABCD: Scaling out graph analytics with asynchronous block coordinate descent | Y Yang, Z Li, Y Deng, Z Liu, S Yin… - … Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | It is of vital importance to efficiently process large graphs for many data-intensive applications.  As a result, a large collection of graph analytic frameworks has been proposed to improve  the per-iteration performance on a single kind of computation resource. However, heavy …
Writing tests for this higher-order function first: Automatically identifying future callings to assist testers | Y Xu, X Jia, J Xuan - Proceedings of the 11th Asia-Pacific Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … In Proceedings of the 44th ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, POPL 2017, Paris, France, January 18-…
Influence of Noisy Environments on Behavior of HPC Applications | DA Nikitenko, F Wolf, B Mohr, T Hoefler… - Lobachevskii Journal of …, 2021 - Springer | Many contemporary HPC systems expose their jobs to substantial amounts of interference,  leading to significant run-to-run variation. For example, application runtimes on Theta, a Cray  XC40 system at Argonne National Laboratory, vary by up to 70\(\%\), caused by a mix of …
Graceful Performance Degradation in Apache Storm | MR HoseinyFarahabady, J Taheri, AY Zomaya… - … Conference on Parallel …, 2020 - Springer | … We propose a mechanism, based on design principles of Model Predictive Control theory,  for coping with the extreme conditions in which … In: Proceedings of the 21st ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, PPoPP 2016, ACM, New York, …
Domain-specific multi-level IR rewriting for GPU: The Open Earth compiler for GPU-accelerated climate simulation | T Gysi, C Müller, O Zinenko, S Herhut, E Davis… - ACM Transactions on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In particular, we develop a prototype compiler and design stencil- and GPU-specific dialects  based on a set of newly introduced design principles… We suggest that multi-level IR rewriting  and the associated design principles are a promising approach to rapidly design and deploy …
Developing Distributed Systems with Multitier Programming | P Weisenburger, G Salvaneschi - Proceedings of the 13th ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … The expected outcome of the tutorial is that attendees understand the principles of  developing distributed systems with multitier programming and are able to start the  development of simple applications based on the ScalaLoci multitier language right away. …
Paths to OpenMP in the kernel | J Ma, W Wang, A Nelson, M Cuevas… - Proceedings of the …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | OpenMP implementations make increasing demands on the kernel. We take the next step and  consider bringing OpenMP into the kernel. Our vision is that the entire OpenMP application,  run-time system, and a kernel framework is interwoven to become the kernel, allowing the …
The next 700 semantics: a research challenge | S Krishnamurthi, S Benjamin - Summit on Advances in Programming …, 2019 - par.nsf.gov | Modern systems consist of large numbers of languages, frameworks, libraries, APIs, and  more. Each has characteristic behavior and data. Capturing these in semantics is valuable  not only for understanding them but also essential for formal treatment (such as proofs). …
STRAB: state recovery using reverse execution at IR level for concurrent programs | S Hoshino, Y Arahori, K Gondow - … of the 36th Annual ACM Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … ACM acknowledges that this contribution was authored or co-authored by an employee,  contractor or affiliate of a national government. As such, the Government retains a nonexclusive,  royalty-free right to publish or reproduce this article, or to allow others to do so, for …
A tutorial introduction to quantum circuit programming in dependently typed Proto-Quipper | P Fu, K Kishida, NJ Ross, P Selinger - International Conference on …, 2020 - Springer | We introduce dependently typed Proto-Quipper, or Proto-Quipper-D for short, an experimental  quantum circuit programming language with linear dependent types. We give several  examples to illustrate how linear dependent types can help in the construction of correct …
Multi-agent systems (MAS) in the area of IoT and using a model with Distributed Shared Memory system (DSM) | V Stefanova-Stoyanova… - 2020 XXIX International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Zwaenepoel // Proceedings of the Second ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles  &Amp; Practice of Parallel Programming: http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/ 99163.99182. [7]  Midway: Shared memory parallel programming with entry consistency for distributed memory …
A study of various existing techniques to deal with pipeline hazards | R Patel, S Kumar - Research Journal of Engineering and …, 2018 - indianjournals.com | … Scheduling for a Pipelined Architecture”, Proceedings of the 1986 SIGPLAN symposium on  Compiler construction, ACM 0-89791-197-0/8.6OO-… and Larus JR,"Branch prediction for free",  Proceedings of the ACM SIGPLAN 1993 conference on Programming language design and …
On the scalable dynamic taint analysis for distributed systems | X Fu - … Software Engineering Conference and Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | To protect the privacy and search sensitive data leaks, we must solve multiple challenges (eg,  applicability, portability, and scalability) for developing an appropriate taint analysis for  distributed systems. We hence present DistTaint, a dynamic taint analysis for distributed …
Correctness in Stream Processing: Challenges and Opportunities | C Stanford, K Kallas, R Alur - Conference on Innovative Data …, 2022 - cis.upenn.edu | … In Proceedings of the TwentyFourth ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, SOSP  ’13, pages 439–455, New York, NY, USA, 2013… In Proceedings of the 38th ACM SIGPLAN  Conference on Programming Language Design and Implementation, pages 693–708, 2017. …
Concurrent System Programming with Effect Handlers | L White - … Programming: 18th International Symposium, TFP …, 2018 - books.google.com | … In: Proceedings of the 2015 ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Haskell, Haskell 2015, pp. 94–105.  ACM, New York (2015). https://doi. org/10.1145/2804302.2804319 Kiselyov, O., Sabry, A…  In: Proceedings of the 2013 ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Haskell, Haskell 2013, pp. 59–70. …
Program Synthesis Using Deduction-Guided Reinforcement Learning | Y Chen, C Wang, O Bastani, I Dillig, Y Feng - International Conference on …, 2020 - Springer | … While the synthesis methodology proposed in this paper can, in principle, be applied to a  broad set of specifications, the particular featurization … , the deductive reasoning engine used  in our implementation is similar to the latter category; however, it can, in principle, be used in …
Automating the Functional Correspondence between Higher-Order Evaluators and Abstract Machines | M Buszka, D Biernacki - arXiv preprint arXiv:2108.07132, 2021 - arxiv.org | … Proceeding of the 15th ACM SIGPLAN international conference on Functional programming,  ICFP 2010, Baltimore, Maryland, USA, September 27-… Proceedings of the 3rd ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Haskell, Haskell 2010, Baltimore, MD, USA, 30 September 2010. pp. 25–36…
Fault tolerant high performance solver for linear equation systems | M Artioli, D Loreti, A Ciampolini - 2019 38th Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … about IMe, including its original formulation and demonstration of the working principles, in [55].  … sided matrix factorizations,” Proceedings of the 22nd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles  … ninth ACM SIGPLAN symposium on Principles and practice of parallel programming - …
A survey of multitier programming | P Weisenburger, J Wirth, G Salvaneschi - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Multitier programming deals with developing the components that pertain to different tiers in  the system (eg, client and server), mixing them in the same compilation unit. In this paradigm,  the code for different tiers is then either generated at run time or it results from the compiler …
NL2Type: inferring JavaScript function types from natural language information | RS Malik, J Patra, M Pradel - 2019 IEEE/ACM 41st International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | JavaScript is dynamically typed and hence lacks the type safety of statically typed languages,  leading to suboptimal IDE support, difficult to understand APIs, and unexpected runtime  behavior. Several gradual type systems have been proposed, eg, Flow and TypeScript, but they …
Towards Gradually Typed Capabilities in the Pi-Calculus | M Cimini - arXiv preprint arXiv:1909.05971, 2019 - arxiv.org | Gradual typing is an approach to integrating static and dynamic typing within the same  language, and puts the programmer in control of which regions of code are type checked at  compile-time and which are type checked at run-time. In this paper, we focus on the pi-calculus …
Excavating the potential of GPU for accelerating graph traversal | P Wang, L Zhang, C Li, M Guo - … Processing Symposium  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Graph traversal is an essential procedure for a growing amount of applications today. This  type of algorithms typically iterate input graph datasets until convergence and the logic of each  iteration is quite simple. GPUs are used extensively as graph traversal accelerators due to …
Concurrent correctness in vector space | C Peterson, V Cook, D Dechev - International Conference on Verification …, 2021 - Springer | Correctness verification of a concurrent history is challenging and has been proven to be an  NP-complete problem. The reason that verifying correctness cannot be solved in polynomial  time is a consequence of the way correctness is defined. Traditional correctness conditions …
Guarded recursion in agda via sized types | N Veltri, NM van der Weide - 2019 - repository.ubn.ru.nl | … In this section, we give a brief overview of these principles and we introduce the basic  Agda notation that we employ in our formalization. We write = for judgmental equality and ≡  for propositional equality. Implicit arguments of functions are delimited by curly brackets. …
The Effect of Group Composition on Collaboration and Satisfaction in Breakout Rooms | C Wang, B Tokiwa - 2021 - urresearch.rochester.edu | Research has shown that there are benefits of groups made up of heterogeneous individuals.  They can be heterogeneous in culture, mindset, or achievement level. We wanted to see if  this idea also applies to students in breakout rooms with different goals for Workshop. It is …
Teachable moments in functional audio processing | M Henz, SH Koh, S Sounderraman - … SIGPLAN International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In order to cover digital audio processing in a classroom from first principles, we need to  form collections of samples in streams or arrays, and define operations on these collections in  accordance with the constraints of digitization. In this work, we pursue an alternative approach, …
Scaph: Scalable GPU-accelerated graph processing with value-driven differential scheduling | L Zheng, X Li, Y Zheng, Y Huang, X Liao, H Jin… - 2020 {USENIX} Annual …, 2020 - usenix.org | … In Proceedings of the 22nd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel  Programming (PPoPP), pages 235–248. ACM… In Proceedings of the 21st ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming (PPoPP), volume 51, pages 1–…
Research Statement: Software Correctness at Scale through Testing and Verification | L Lampropoulos - cs.umd.edu | Software correctness is becoming an increasingly important concern as our society grows  more and more reliant on computer systems. From a discrepancy in units of measurement  causing the Mars Climate Orbiter crash 20 years ago to a missing bounds check causing …
Lyra: A cross-platform language and compiler for data plane programming on heterogeneous asics | J Gao, E Zhai, HH Liu, R Miao, Y Zhou, B Tian… - … conference of the ACM …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … In principle, L𝑠 contains tables that are potentially  deployed on switch 𝑠, and L𝑠 is used to encode resource constraints (§5.4). I𝑠 contains all …
LINACVR: VR Simulation for Radiation Therapy Education | H Bannister, B Selwyn-Smith, C Anslow… - 25th ACM Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | A clear and well-documented LaTeX document is presented as an article formatted for  publication by ACM in a conference proceedings or journal publication. Based on the “acmart”  document class, this article presents and explains many of the common variations, as well as …
Data-flow bending: On the effectiveness of data-flow integrity | T Lu, J Wang - Computers & Security, 2019 - Elsevier | … As discussed later (Section 4.2), DFI has various weaknesses from principle to implementation,  which make it vulnerable to attack, but our attack … Before that, we explore the underlying  causes of these limitations, which imply the defects of DFI from principle to implementation. …
A relational theory of locality | L Yuan, C Ding, W Smith, P Denning… - ACM Transactions on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In many areas of program and system analysis and optimization, locality is a common  concept and has been defined and measured in many ways. This article aims to formally  establish relations between these previously disparate types of locality. It categorizes locality …
Building better bit-blasting for floating-point problems | M Brain, F Schanda, Y Sun - … Conference on Tools and Algorithms for the …, 2019 - Springer | An effective approach to handling the theory of floating-point is to reduce it to the theory of bit-vectors.  Implementing the required encodings is complex, error prone and requires a deep  understanding of floating-point hardware. This paper presents SymFPU, a library of …
Synchronization Strategies on Many-Core SMT Systems | A Navarro-Torres, J Alastruey-Benedé… - … Symposium on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The complexity of efficient synchronization design increases with the continuous growth in  the number of physical and logical cores on today's machines. Opinion is divided on which  synchronization strategy is more powerful, opposing typical mechanisms, such as locks and …
Record-and-replay techniques for HPC systems: A survey | D Chapp, K Sato, DH Ahn, M Taufer - Supercomputing Frontiers and …, 2018 - superfri.susu.ru | … In: Proceedings of the 1988 ACM SIGPLAN and SIGOPS Workshop on Parallel and … In:  Proceedings of the 21st ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel …  In: Proceedings of the 22Nd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel …
A theoretical model for global optimization of parallel algorithms | J Miller, L Trümper, C Terboven, MS Müller - Mathematics, 2021 - mdpi.com | With the quickly evolving hardware landscape of high-performance computing (HPC) and  its increasing specialization, the implementation of efficient software applications becomes  more challenging. This is especially prevalent for domain scientists and may hinder the …
How to add concurrency to smart contracts | T Dickerson, P Gazzillo, M Herlihy… - Bull. Eur. Assoc. Theor …, 2018 - univie.ac.at | Modern cryptocurrency systems, such as the Ethereum project, permit complex financial  transactions through scripts called smart contracts. These smart contracts are executed many,  many times, always without real concurrency. First, all smart contracts are serially executed by …
Combining predicate transformer semantics for effects: a case study in parsing regular languages | A Baanen, W Swierstra - arXiv preprint arXiv:2005.00197, 2020 - arxiv.org | This paper describes how to verify a parser for regular expressions in a functional  programming language using predicate transformer semantics for a variety of effects. Where  our previous work in this area focused on the semantics for a single effect, parsing requires a …
On Correspondence between Selective CPS Transformation and Selective Double Negation Translation | H Im - Mathematics, 2021 - mdpi.com | A double negation translation (DNT) embeds classical logic into intuitionistic logic. Such  translations correspond to continuation passing style (CPS) transformations in programming  languages via the Curry-Howard isomorphism. A selective CPS transformation uses a type and …
Fine-Tuning Data Structures for Analytical Query Processing | A Shaikhha, M Kelepeshis, M Ghorbani - arXiv preprint arXiv:2112.13099, 2021 - arxiv.org | … In Proceedings of the 38th annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on Principles of  programming languages, pages 357–370, 2011. [37] … In Proceedings of the 37th annual ACM  SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on Principles of programming languages, pages 223–236, 2010. …
Formally verified software in the real world | G Klein, J Andronick, M Fernandez, I Kuz… - … of the ACM, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … behavior of the kernel is predicted by its formal abstract specification; see the online appendix  (dl.acm.org/citation.cfm? doid=3230627&picked=formats) for an idea of how … Proceedings  of the 41st ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages …
Scalable FSM parallelization via path fusion and higher-order speculation | J Qiu, X Sun, AHN Sabet, Z Zhao - Proceedings of the 26th ACM …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy … These results are consistent with our earlier discussion,  that is, H-Spec performs no worse than B-Spec in principle. The improvements come from …
Compilation of OCaml memory model into Power | ES Namakonov, A Podkopaev - Proceedings of the Institute for System …, 2019 - pure.mpg.de | … of the 38th annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on Principles of programming …  of the 32nd ACM SIGPLANSIGACT symposium on Principles of programming languages, …  of the 44th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, 2017, pp. …
Robustly safe compilation | M Patrignani, D Garg - European Symposium on Programming, 2019 - Springer | Secure compilers generate compiled code that withstands many target-level attacks such as  alteration of control flow, data leaks or memory corruption. Many existing secure compilers  are proven to be fully abstract, meaning that they reflect and preserve observational …
Programming not only by example | H Peleg, S Shoham, E Yahav - 2018 IEEE/ACM 40th …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. … ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on  Principles and Practice of Parallel Program- … In Proceedings of the 38th Annual ACM  SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages (POPL ’11). …
Optimal Neural Program Synthesis from Multimodal Specifications | X Ye, Q Chen, I Dillig, G Durrett - arXiv preprint arXiv:2010.01678, 2020 - arxiv.org | … In Proceedings of the 4th ACM SIGACT-SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of … In Proceedings  of the 36th ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language Design and … In Proceedings  of the ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Generative Programming: Concepts …
Optimized Transactional Data Structure Approach to Concurrency Control for In-Memory Databases | C Peterson, A Wilson, P Pirkelbauer… - … Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … transactional memory,” in Proceedings of the 12th ACM SIGPLAN symposium on Principles  and practice of parallel programming. ACM, … for nested transactions on openjdk,” Proceedings  of the 2016 ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Object-Oriented Programming, …
Staccato: cache-aware work-stealing task scheduler for shared-memory systems | R Kuchumov, A Sokolov, V Korkhov - International Conference on …, 2018 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 20th Annual ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Object Oriented  Programming, Systems, Languages, and Applications, … In: PPoPP 2013 Proceedings of the 18th  ACM SIGPLAN symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, pp. 69–80 (2013)…
Formal verification of quantum algorithms using quantum hoare logic | J Liu, B Zhan, S Wang, S Ying, T Liu, Y Li… - … conference on computer …, 2019 - Springer | We formalize the theory of quantum Hoare logic (QHL) [TOPLAS 33(6),19], an extension of  Hoare logic for reasoning about quantum programs. In particular, we formalize the syntax  and semantics of quantum programs in Isabelle/HOL, write down the rules of quantum Hoare …
Reduced I/O Latency with Futures (Brief Announcement) | K Singer, K Agrawal, ITA Lee - … 31st ACM Symposium on Parallelism in …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Task parallelism research has traditionally focused on optimizing computation-intensive  applications. Due to the proliferation of commodity parallel processors, there has been recent  interest in supporting interactive applications. Such interactive applications frequently rely on I/…
A linear speedup analysis of distributed deep learning with sparse and quantized communication | P Jiang, G Agrawal - … of the 32nd International Conference on …, 2018 - papers.neurips.cc | … ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, PPoPP ’17,  pages 193–205, New York, NY, USA, 2017. ACM. … In Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, PPoPP ’18, pages 41–53, …
Testing multithreaded programs via thread speed control | D Chen, Y Jiang, C Xu, X Ma, J Lu - … and Symposium on the Foundations …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … In Proceedings of the 39th Annual  ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages (POPL ’12). …
1 Research Goals | S Chaudhuri - 2020 - cs.utexas.edu | Machine learning plays an outsized role in the world we live in. The last decade has seen  remarkable progress on intelligent systems that learn from data, in areas ranging from computer  vision to natural language processing to robotics and control. A world in which systems …
Parallel model checking algorithms for linear-time temporal logic | J Barnat, V Bloemen, A Duret-Lutz, A Laarman… - Handbook of Parallel …, 2018 - Springer | Abstract Model checking is a fully automated, formal method for demonstrating absence of  bugs in reactive systems. Here, bugs are violations of properties in Linear-time Temporal  Logic (LTL). A fundamental challenge to its application is the exponential explosion in the …
Albus: a method for efficiently processing spmv using simd and load balancing | H Bian, J Huang, L Liu, D Huang, X Wang - Future Generation Computer …, 2021 - Elsevier | … We proposed the PCS model and explained the principle of the model in detail. Section 6 is  the evaluation of the experiment. First, we introduce the test platform of the experiment; secondly,  we analyze the Benchmark suite consisting of 20 sets of regular matrices and 20 sets of …
Optimizing the SpMV kernel on long-vector accelerators | C Gómez Crespo, F Mantovani, E Focht, M Casas - 2021 - upcommons.upc.edu | … This work has been published as a conference paper is published in the proceedings of the  26th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles … Gómez et al., “Efficiently running spmv on  long vector architectures,” in Proceedings of the 26th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles …
Grus: Toward Unified-memory-efficient High-performance Graph Processing on GPU | P Wang, J Wang, C Li, J Wang, H Zhu… - ACM Transactions on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 22nd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of …  In Proceedings of the 24th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel …  In Proceedings of the 24th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel …
New Program Abstractions for Privacy | S Hunt, D Sands - From Lambda Calculus to Cybersecurity Through …, 2020 - Springer | … Our key proposal is that the set of privacy regions forms a suitable abstract domain for static  program analysis based on the principles of … In: Proceedings of the 40th Annual ACM  SIGPLANSIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages. POPL 2013, pp. 357–…
A C++ implementation of a threadsafe priority queue based on multi-dimensional linked lists and MRLock | S Carroll, A Goponenko - 2019 - researchgate.net | This paper starts a series of publications describing a reimplementation of the priority queue  based on multidimensional linked lists (Zhang and Dechev [1]). This variant of priority queue  guarantees O (log N) worst-case time complexity where N is the size of the key universe. It …
Logical relations as types: Proof-relevant parametricity for program modules | J Sterling, R Harper - Journal of the ACM (JACM), 2021 - dl.acm.org | … enough to account for the full expressivity of singletons, hence the extensional retyping  principles of earlier work on singleton calculi [39… As a basic principle, we do not treat subtyping  or retyping directly in the core type theory: We intend to give an algebraic account of program …
Segmented Merge: A New Primitive for Parallel Sparse Matrix Computations | H Ji, S Lu, K Hou, H Wang, Z Jin, W Liu… - International Journal of …, 2021 - Springer | Segmented operations, such as segmented sum, segmented scan and segmented sort, are  important building blocks for parallel irregular algorithms. We in this work propose a new  parallel primitive called segmented merge. Its function is in parallel merging q sub-segments to …
CircuitFlow: A Domain Specific Language for Dataflow Programming (with appendices) | R Evans, S Frohlich, M Wang - arXiv preprint arXiv:2111.12420, 2021 - arxiv.org | … In: Proceedings of the Seventh ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Generic Programming. p. 83–… In:  Proceedings of the 41st ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of … In: Proceedings  of the 35th Annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming …
UPC++: A high-performance communication framework for asynchronous computation | J Bachan, SB Baden, S Hofmeyr… - … Symposium (IPDPS), 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | UPC++ is a C++ library that supports high-performance computation via an asynchronous  communication framework. This paper describes a new incarnation that differs substantially  from its predecessor, and we discuss the reasons for our design decisions. We present new …
POSTER: Automated Code Acceleration Targeting Heterogeneous OpenCL Devices | H Riebler, G Vaz, T Kenter, C Plessl - 2018 - groups.uni-paderborn.de | … ACM Reference Format: Heinrich Riebler … In PPoPP ’18: PPoPP ’18: 23nd ACM  SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, February 24–28,  2018, Vienna, Austria. ACM, New York, NY, USA, 2 pages. https://doi.org/10.1145/3178487.3178534 …
Transactional Memory in Rust | T Lively - 2018 - dash.harvard.edu | … of the 13th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming  (New York, NY, USA, 2008), PPoPP ’08, ACM, pp. … In Proceedings of the 32nd ACM SIGPLAN  Conference on Programming Language Design and Implementation (New York, NY, USA, …
Reaching for the Star: Tale of a Monad in Coq | P Nigron, PÉ Dagand - 12th International Conference on …, 2021 - drops.dagstuhl.de | Monadic programming is an essential component in the toolbox of functional programmers. For  the pure and total programmers, who sometimes navigate the waters of certified programming  in type theory, it is the only means to concisely implement the imperative traits of certain …
Efficient implementation of Smalltalk activation records in language implementation frameworks | F Niephaus, T Felgentreff, T Pape… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | ABSTRACT Language implementation frameworks such as RPython or Truffle help to build  runtimes for dynamic languages. For this, they make certain design decisions and trade-offs  upfront to make common language concepts easy to implement. Because of this, however, …
MicroJIT: a case for templated just-in-time compilation in constrained environments | E Coffin, S Young, H Kaur, J Brown, M Pirvu… - Proceedings of the 30th …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 11th ACM SIGACT-SIGPLAN symposium on Principles of programming  languages (POPL '84). Association for … In Proceedings of the 2011 ACM international  conference on Object oriented programming systems languages and applications (OOPSLA '11). …
A model of type theory with quotient inductive-inductive types | A Kaposi, Z Xie - 2020 - real.mtak.hu | … The elimination principle is defined simply by pattern matching (eliminating from the  implementation IIT). We defined both the recursion principle with uniqueness and the dependent  elimination principle for Con–Ty. All the computation rules hold definitionally. The above …
Automatically Generating Java Benchmarks with Known Errors | M Hurmuz - 2021 - ethz.ch | Over the past years, there has been an increased interest in the generation of benchmarks.  Benchmark programs are widely used to test various tools: eg, compilers, static analyzers,  verifiers, etc. However, it is highly challenging to automatically generate benchmarks which are …
Read-uncommitted transactions for smart contract performance | V Cook, Z Painter, C Peterson… - 2019 IEEE 39th …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … A principle cause of failure is the high latency imposed on reading changes to persistent …  of the 13th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and practice of parallel programming - …  by looking to the future,” in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles …
Aquila: a practically usable verification system for production-scale programmable data planes | B Tian, J Gao, M Liu, E Zhai, Y Chen, Y Zhou… - … of the 2021 ACM …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | This paper presents Aquila, the first practically usable verification system for Alibaba's  production-scale programmable data planes. Aquila addresses four challenges in building  a practically usable verification:(1) specification complexity;(2) verification scalability;(3) bug …
Can Parallel Programming Revolutionize EDA Tools? | YS Lu, K Pingali - Advanced Logic Synthesis, 2018 - Springer | Recent advances in parallel programming hold the promise of transforming the EDA tools  area and changing the way we design, synthesize, and simulate circuits. Traditional parallel  programming technology was developed for computational science applications, which …
Establishing a refinement relation between binaries and abstract code | F Verbeek, J Bockenek, A Bharadwaj… - … of the 17th ACM-IEEE …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In principle, our approach can be used in a setting where source code is unavailable, eg,  proprietary software, native code or components written … Chlipala, “A certified type-preserving  compiler from lambda calculus to assembly language,” in ACM Sigplan Notices, vol. 42, no. 6…
Escape from escape analysis of Golang | C Wang, M Zhang, Y Jiang, H Zhang, Z Xing… - Proceedings of the ACM …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … In Proceedings of the 25th ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT  symposium on Principles of programming languages. ACM, 25–37. [4] Bruno Blanchet. …
An adaptive breadth-first search algorithm on integrated architectures | F Zhang, H Lin, J Zhai, J Cheng, D Xiang, J Li… - the Journal of …, 2018 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of  Parallel Programming. ACM, pp 338–353 … In: Proceedings of the 21st ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming. …
Parallel constraint-based local search: an application to designing resilient long-reach passive optical networks | A Arbelaez, D Mehta, B O'Sullivan… - Handbook of Parallel …, 2018 - Springer | Many network design problems arising in areas as diverse as VLSI circuit design, QoS  routing, traffic engineering, and computational sustainability require clients to be connected  to a facility under path-length constraints and budget limits. These problems can be seen as …
Formal approaches to secure compilation: A survey of fully abstract compilation and related work | M Patrignani, A Ahmed, D Clarke - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … However, the goal of the survey is  to cover a different broad family of research, one that focuses on the foundational principles and …
IELE: A rigorously designed language and tool ecosystem for the blockchain | T Kasampalis, D Guth, B Moore, TF Șerbănuță… - International Symposium …, 2019 - Springer | This paper proposes IELE, an LLVM-style language, together with a tool ecosystem for  implementing and formally reasoning about smart contracts on the blockchain. IELE was designed  by specifying its semantics formally in the K framework. Its implementation, a IELE virtual …
Just fuzz it: solving floating-point constraints using coverage-guided fuzzing | D Liew, C Cadar, AF Donaldson… - … and Symposium on the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | We investigate the use of coverage-guided fuzzing as a means of proving satisfiability of SMT  formulas over finite variable domains, with specific application to floating-point constraints.  We show how an SMT formula can be encoded as a program containing a location that is …
SMTCoq: Mixing automatic and interactive proof technologies | C Keller - Proof Technology in Mathematics Research and …, 2019 - Springer | SMTCoq is a plugin for the Coq interactive theorem prover to work in conjunction with automated  theorem provers based on Boolean Satisfiability (SAT) and Satisfiability Modulo Theories  (SMT), in an efficient and expressive way. As such, it allows one to formally establish, in a …
Learning Computer Programming around a CAFÉ | S Liénardy - … of the 2020 ACM Conference on International …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | At the University of Liège, the CS1 course has been using, for a couple of years, a programming  methodology that consists in determining an informal Loop Invariant prior to any code writing  and to use it to deduce the code instructions. This informal Loop Invariant is a graphical …
RVSDG: An Intermediate Representation for the Multi-Core Era | N Reissmann, JC Meyer, M Själander - sjalander.com | … In Proceedings of the ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming  Languages. ACM, 12–27. [14] James Stanier and Des Watson. 2013. … In Proceedings of  the ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages. …
Computing Program Reliability Using Forward-Backward Precondition Analysis and Model Counting. | AS Dimovski, A Legay - FASE, 2020 - library.oapen.org | The goal of probabilistic static analysis is to quantify the probability that a given program  satisfies/violates a required property (assertion). In this work, we use a static analysis by  abstract interpretation and model counting to construct probabilistic analysis of deterministic …
Aneris: A mechanised logic for modular reasoning about distributed systems | M Krogh-Jespersen, A Timany… - … Symposium on …, 2020 - library.oapen.org | … The 40th Annual ACM SIGPLANSIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming  Languages, POPL ’13, Rome, Italy-January 23-25, 2013, pp. 287–300, ACM (2013), https://doi.  org/10.1145/2429069.2429104 [4] Dinsdale-Young, T., Dodds, M., Gardner, P., Parkinson, MJ, …
Testing your (static analysis) truths | I Casso, JF Morales, P López-García… - International Symposium …, 2020 - Springer | … Each may have its own advantages and disadvantages (eg, automatically generated  code may test more convoluted or corner cases, but real-life code may find the bugs that  actually occur in programs), but in principle, our approach is agnostic in this regard. …
Reasonably-most-general clients for JavaScript library analysis | EK Kristensen, A Møller - … /ACM 41st International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Our technique can in principle find all possible type mismatches that could be  encountered by a client satisfying the RMGC assumptions. This is justified by TAJS being a “soundy”  [19] static analysis, and by our abstract RMGC overapproximating the actions of an RMGC, …
Using Structural and Parametric Polymorphism in the Creation of Digital Twins | VN Shvedenko, VV Shvedenko… - Automatic Documentation …, 2019 - Springer | This article considers digital twin creation based on structural and parametric polymorphism  together with decision table ensembles. A new view of the concept of polymorphism applied  to building digital models of physical objects is described. A new approach is proposed for …
Characterizing Small-Scale Matrix Multiplications on ARMv8-based Many-Core Architectures | W Yang, J Fang, D Dong - … Distributed Processing Symposium  …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | General Matrix Multiplication (GEMM) is a key subroutine in high-performance computing.  There is a large body of work on evaluating and optimizing large-scale matrix multiplication,  but how well the small-scale matrix multiplication (SMM) performs is largely unknown, …
Compilation Techniques for Graph Algorithms on GPUs | A Brahmakshatriya, Y Zhang, C Hong, S Kamil… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … In Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel  Programming (PPoPP). 246–260. [21] Wei Han… In Proceedings of the 18th ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming (PPoPP). 135–146. [58] Julian …
Grammar-agnostic symbolic execution by token symbolization | W Pan, Z Chen, G Zhang, Y Luo, Y Zhang… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In principle, our method can be viewed as an instance of compositional symbolic execution  [9][18], which usually uses function-level summaries to reduce the program’s path space  and improve symbolic execution’s efficiency. The symbolic execution of tokenization code …
VM support for live typing: automatic type annotation for dynamically typed languages | H Wilkinson - Proceedings of the Conference Companion of the 3rd …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 8th ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on Principles of programming  languages. Pages 187-199 . Williamsburg, … A Type Declaration and Inference System  for Smalltalk, Conference Record of the Ninth Annual ACM Symposium on Principles of …
The First Fifteen Years of the Verified Software Project | P Müller, N Shankar - Theories of Programming: The Life and Works of …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Edsger Dijkstra once remarked, with tongue firmly in cheek, that he and Tony Hoare both drew  their notoriety from a clever algorithm and an oft-repeated quote. In Dijkstra’s case, these  were the shortest paths algorithm and the observation that ‘testing can prove the presence of …
Demystifying loops in smart contracts | B Mariano, Y Chen, Y Feng, SK Lahiri… - 2020 35th IEEE/ACM …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper aims to shed light on how loops are used in smart contracts. Towards this goal,  we study various syntactic and semantic characteristics of loops used in over 20,000 Solidity  contracts deployed on the Ethereum blockchain, with the goal of informing future research on …
Exploiting Parallelism Available in Loops Using Abstract Syntax Tree | A Kumar, H Singh - Emerging Research in Computing, Information …, 2019 - Springer | Performance of a program depends on two factors: better hardware of the executing machine  and exploiting parallelism for concurrent execution. Loops with multiple iterations provide  efficient parallelism in an application, and are used to reduce overall execution time and also …
Parallel programming models for heterogeneous many-cores: a comprehensive survey | J Fang, C Huang, T Tang, Z Wang - CCF Transactions on High …, 2020 - Springer | Heterogeneous many-cores are now an integral part of modern computing systems ranging  from embedding systems to supercomputers. While heterogeneous many-core design offers  the potential for energy-efficient high-performance, such potential can only be unlocked if …
ConnectIt: A framework for static and incremental parallel graph connectivity algorithms | L Dhulipala, C Hong, J Shun - arXiv preprint arXiv:2008.03909, 2020 - arxiv.org | … In ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming (PPoPP). …  In ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming (PPoPP). …  In ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming (PPoPP). …
AutoSA: A Polyhedral Compiler for High-Performance Systolic Arrays on FPGA | J Wang, L Guo, J Cong - The 2021 ACM/SIGDA International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post … In Proceedings of  the 12th ACM SIGPLAN symposium on Principles and practice of parallel programming. 101–111. …
How well do cpu, gpu and hybrid graph processing frameworks perform? | TK Aasawat, T Reza, M Ripeanu - … Processing Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The importance of high-performance graph processing to solve big data problems targeting  high-impact applications is greater than ever before. Recent graph processing frameworks  target different hardware platforms (eg, shared memory systems, accelerators such as GPUs, …
A Survey on Parallel Architectures and Programming Models | B Pervan, J Knezović - 2020 43rd International Convention on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … in Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles,  ser. SOSP ’13. New York, NY, USA: … gramming for modern architectures,” in Proceedings  of the 12th ACM SIGPLAN symposium on Principles and practice of parallel program- …
Toward linearizability testing for multi-word persistent synchronization primitives | D Cepeda, S Chowdhury, N Li, R Lopez… - … on Principles of …, 2020 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … This research focuses specifically on the algorithmic principles of software testing, particularly  linearizability analysis, for multi-word persistent synchronization primitives such as conditional  swap operations. We describe an efficient decision procedure for linearizability in this …
End-to-end formal verification of ethereum 2.0 deposit smart contract | D Park, Y Zhang, G Rosu - International Conference on Computer Aided …, 2020 - Springer | We report our experience in the formal verification of the deposit smart contract, whose  correctness is critical for the security of Ethereum 2.0, a new Proof-of-Stake protocol for the  Ethereum blockchain. The deposit contract implements an incremental Merkle tree algorithm …
Performance-boosting sparsification of the ifds algorithm with applications to taint analysis | D He, H Li, L Wang, H Meng, H Zheng… - 2019 34th IEEE/ACM …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Proceedings of the 22nd ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on Principles of programming  languages, … of the 34th Annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles … flow  analysis for app sets,” in Proceedings of the 3rd ACM SIGPLAN International Workshop on the …
Brief Announcement: Reduced I/O Latency with Futures | K Singer, K Agrawal, ITA Lee - 2019 - cse.wustl.edu | Task parallelism research has traditionally focused on optimizing computation-intensive  applications. Due to the proliferation of commodity parallel processors, there has been recent  interest in supporting interactive applications. Such interactive applications frequently rely on I/…
异构混合并行计算综述 | 阳王东， 王昊天， 张宇峰， 林圣乐， 蔡沁耘 - 计算机科学, 2020 - jsjkx.com | : 随着人工智能和大数据等计算机应用对算力需求的迅猛增长以及应用场景的多样化, 异构混合 并行计算成为了研究的重点. 文中介绍了当前主要的异构计算机体系结构, 包括CPU/协处理器,  CPU/众核处理器, CPU/ASCI 和CPU/FPGA 等; 简述了异构混合并行编程模型随着各类异构混合…
EXASCALE ALGORITHMS AND SOFTWARE FOR LATTICE FIELD THEORY IN HIGH ENERGY PHYSICS: SEARCHING BEYOND THE STANDARD MODEL | R Brower - 2020 - osti.gov | The Boston University component has focussed on the algorithmic development of new Multigrid  solver for the critical kernel for the Dirac propagators that dominated the both simulation  require for lattice ensemble and the analysis of physical correlation functions. Progress on …
Defining and verifying durable opacity: correctness for persistent software transactional memory | E Bila, S Doherty, B Dongol, J Derrick… - … Conference on Formal …, 2020 - Springer | … In this paper, we transfer the principle of durable concurrent correctness to the area of  software transactional memory (STM). Software transactional memory algorithms allow for  concurrent access to shared state. Like linearizability for concurrent data structures, opacity is the …
Variability-aware semantic slicing using code property graphs | L Gerling, K Schmid - Proceedings of the 23rd International Systems and …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on Principles of programming languages - POPL ’95.  ACM Press, San Francisco, California, United States, 49–61. https://doi.org/10.1145/199448.199462  [17] Márcio Ribeiro, Paulo Borba, and Christian Kästner. 2014. …
Matching mu-Logic: Foundation of K Framework | X Chen, G Rosu - 8th Conference on Algebra and Coalgebra in …, 2019 - drops.dagstuhl.de | K framework is an effort in realizing the ideal language framework where programming  languages must have formal semantics and all languages tools are automatically generated  from the formal semantics in a correct-by-construction manner at no additional costs. In this …
OmpMemOpt: Optimized Memory Movement for Heterogeneous Computing | P Barua, J Zhao, V Sarkar - European Conference on Parallel Processing, 2020 - Springer | The fast development of acceleration architectures and applications has made heterogeneous  computing the norm for high-performance computing. The cost of high volume data movement  to the accelerators is an important bottleneck both in terms of application performance …
Boolean-valued semantics for the stochastic λ-calculus | G Bacci, R Furber, D Kozen, R Mardare… - … ACM/IEEE Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In this section we establish a series of sound equations that provide basic reasoning  principles for our stochastic λ-calculus. These equations are by no means complete, but they do  describe several basic facts about R(Ω). We also show how the usual equations for α-reduction …
A Machine-Checked C Implementation of Dijkstra's Shortest Path Algorithm | A Mohan, S Wang, A Hobor - comp.nus.edu.sg | We report on a machine-checked Coq proof of correctness for Dijkstra’s one-to-all shortest  path algorithm. We prove full functional correctness. We use classic textbook code written in  CompCert C, and since our code is executable and realistic our verification must deal with real…
A case study in language-based security: building an I/O library for Wyvern | JA Fish, D Melicher, J Aldrich - … ACM SIGPLAN International Symposium …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | As the impact of vulnerabilities increases in practice, it is imperative for programming languages  to include security as a first-class design consideration. While a number of security-related  language features have been proposed to address this need, in many cases, we do not …
On higher inductive types in cubical type theory | T Coquand, S Huber, A Mörtberg - … ACM/IEEE Symposium on Logic in …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Cubical type theory provides a constructive justification to certain aspects of homotopy type  theory such as Voevodsky's univalence axiom. This makes many extensionality principles,  like function and propositional extensionality, directly provable in the theory. This paper …
GoJournal: a verified, concurrent, crash-safe journaling system | T Chajed, J Tassarotti, M Theng, R Jung… - … {USENIX} Symposium …, 2021 - usenix.org | The main contribution of this paper is GoJournal, a verified, concurrent journaling system that  provides atomicity for storage applications, together with Perennial 2.0, a framework for formally  specifying and verifying concurrent crash-safe systems. GoJournal’s goal is to bring the …
Workflow discovery with semantic constraints: The SAT-based implementation of APE | V Kasalica, AL Lamprecht - … Communications of the …, 2020 - ubsrvweb09.ub.tu-berlin.de | Science today is increasingly computational, and many researchers regularly face the need  of creating purpose-specific computational pipelines for their specific data analysis problems.  The manual composition and implementation of such workflows regularly costs valuable …
Explicit effect subtyping | AH Saleh, G Karachalias, M Pretnar… - European Symposium …, 2018 - library.oapen.org | … Proceedings of the 44th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages,  POPL 2017, Paris, France, 18–20 January … Proceedings of the 44th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium  on Principles of Programming Languages, POPL 2017, Paris, France, 18–20 January …
Highly Automated Formal Proofs over Memory Usage of Assembly Code | F Verbeek, JA Bockenek, B Ravindran - … on Tools and Algorithms for the …, 2020 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 36th annual ACM SIGPLANSIGACT symposium on Principles of …  2006 ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language Design and Implementation. …  In: Proceedings of the ACM SIGOPS 22nd symposium on Operating systems principles. pp. …
Annotation-based static analysis for personal data protection | K Hjerppe, J Ruohonen, V Leppänen - IFIP International Summer School …, 2019 - Springer | This paper elaborates the use of static source code analysis in the context of data protection.  The topic is important for software engineering in order for software developers to improve  the protection of personal data during software development. To this end, the paper proposes …
Fine-grained distributed consistency guarantees with effect orchestration | K Rahmani, G Kaki, S Jagannathan - … the 5th Workshop on the Principles …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted.  To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on servers or to redistribute to lists, requires prior  specific permission and/or a fee. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. PaPoC’18, …
Diagrammatic polyhedral algebra | F Bonchi, A Di Giorgio… - 41st IARCS Annual …, 2021 - drops.dagstuhl.de | We extend the theory of Interacting Hopf algebras with an order primitive, and give a sound  and complete axiomatisation of the prop of polyhedral cones. Next, we axiomatise an affine  extension and prove soundness and completeness for the prop of polyhedra. …
When human-computer interaction meets community citizen science | YC Hsu, I Nourbakhsh - Communications of the ACM, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … 22–26 CGO ’20: 18th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Code Generation  and Optimization, San Diego, CA, USA Sponsored… ’20: 25th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium  on Principles and Practice on Parallel Programming, San Diego, CA, USA Sponsored: ACM/SIG, …
Data-driven and model-based design | S Tripakis - 2018 IEEE Industrial Cyber-Physical Systems …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper explores novel research directions arising from the revolutions in artificial intelligence  and the related fields of machine learning, data science, etc. We identify opportunities for  system design to leverage the advances in these disciplines, as well as to identify and …
Building Certified Software Systems | R Gu - cs.columbia.edu | … In Proceedings of the 37th ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language Design  … In Proceedings of the 37th ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language Design  and … In Proceedings of the ACM SIGOPS 27th Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (…
Manifest Deadlock-Freedom for Shared Session Types. | S Balzer, B Toninho, F Pfenning - ESOP, 2019 - library.oapen.org | … We note that the independence principle (see Sect. 2), which precludes shared processes  from depending on linear channel references, guarantees that there exists exactly one tree  in the process graph, with the linear main process as its root. The shape of the tree changes …
Harnessing evolution for multi-hunk program repair | S Saha - 2019 IEEE/ACM 41st International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This is, in principle, independent of the actual technique used to perform the repair, and  quite compatible with a donor-donee repair … Lastly, our technique has been instantiated for  Java program repair but could, in principle, be applied to C/C++ program repair as well. But …
Patchscope: Memory object centric patch diffing | L Zhao, Y Zhu, J Ming, Y Zhang, H Zhang… - … of the 2020 ACM SIGSAC …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … We then point out several challenges and design principles for patch diffing. To address the  above challenges, we design a dynamic patch diffing technique PatchScope. Our technique  is motivated by two key observations: 1) the way that a program processes its input reveals a …
Database consistency models | M Shapiro, P Sutra - arXiv preprint arXiv:1804.00914, 2018 - arxiv.org | A data store allows application processes to put and get data from a shared memory. In  general, a data store cannot be modelled as a strictly sequential process. Applications  observe non-sequential behaviours, called anomalies. The set of pos- sible behaviours, and …
Faceted secure multi execution | T Schmitz, M Algehed, C Flanagan… - … of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … of the ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Functional Programming (ICFP ’15). ACM.  [10] Roberto Capizzi, Antonio Longo, VN … In Haskell ’07: Proceedings of the ACM SIGPLAN  Workshop on Haskell. 25–36. [53] Mathy Vanhoef, Willem De Groef, Dominique Devriese, …
Version Control Is for Your Data Too | G Kaki, KC Sivaramakrishnan… - 3rd Summit on …, 2019 - drops.dagstuhl.de | Programmers regularly use distributed version control systems (DVCS) such as Git to facilitate  collaborative software development. The primary purpose of a DVCS is to maintain integrity  of source code in the presence of concurrent, possibly conflicting edits from collaborators. …
Functional reactive programming, restated | G Chupin, H Nilsson - … of the 21st International Symposium on Principles …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … In Proceedings of the 2nd ACM  SIGPLAN Symposium on Haskell - Haskell ’09. ACM Press, Edinburgh, Scotland, 25. https://doi.org/…
Using polyhedral analysis to verify OpenMP applications are data race free | F Ye, M Schordan, C Liao, PH Lin… - 2018 IEEE/ACM 2nd …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Among the most common and hardest to debug types of bugs in concurrent systems are data  races. In this paper, we present an approach for verifying that an OpenMP program is data  race free. We use polyhedral analysis to verify those parts of the program where we detect …
Bi-abductive inference for shape and ordering properties | C Curry, QL Le, S Qin - 2019 24th International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … [4] SS Ishtiaq and PW O’Hearn, “BI as an assertion language for mutable data structures,”  ACM SIGPLAN Notices, vol. 36, no. 3, pp. … Proceedings of the 35th Annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT  Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages. ACM, 2008, pp. 247–260. …
ARMv8-A system semantics: instruction fetch in relaxed architectures | B Simner, S Flur, C Pulte, A Armstrong… - … Symposium on …, 2020 - library.oapen.org | Computing relies on architecture specifications to decouple hardware and software  development. Historically these have been prose documents, with all the problems that  entails, but research over the last ten years has developed rigorous and executable-as-test-oracle …
Efficient Deconstruction with Typed Pointer Reversal | G Munch-Maccagnoni, R Douence - ML 2019-Workshop, 2019 - hal.inria.fr | The resource-management model of C++ and Rust relies on compiler-generated destructors  called predictably and reliably. In current implementations, the generated destructor consumes  stack space proportionally to the depth of the structure it destructs. We describe a way to …
Continuous Verification of Machine Learning: a Declarative Programming Approach | E Komendantskaya, W Kokke, D Kienitz - … Symposium on Principles and …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | In this invited talk, we discuss state of the art in neural network verification. We propose the  term continuous verification to characterise the family of methods that explore continuous  nature of machine learning algorithms. We argue that methods of continuous verification must …
Syntactically Restricting Bounded Polymorphism for Decidable Subtyping | L Groves - … Languages and Systems: 18th Asian Symposium …, 2020 - Springer | Subtyping of Bounded Polymorphism has long been known to be undecidable when coupled  with contra-variance. While decidable forms of bounded polymorphism exist, they all sacrifice  either useful properties such as contra-variance (Kernel F<:), or useful metatheoretic …
A survey of concurrency-oriented refactoring | Y Zhang, L Li, D Zhang - Concurrent Engineering, 2020 - journals.sagepub.com | … In: Proceedings of 14th ACM SIGPLAN symposium on principles and practice of parallel  programming, Raleigh, North Carolina, USA, 14–… In: Proceedings of ACM SIGPLAN symposium  on principles and practice of parallel programming, Raleigh, NC, USA, 14–18 February, pp. …
Types for information flow control: Labeling granularity and semantic models | V Rajani, D Garg - … Computer Security Foundations Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The rule for function application (FG-app) follows similar principles. If the function expression  e1 … ceedings of the ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming …  in Proceedings of the ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Functional Programming (…
Accelerating Lattice Boltzmann Method by Fully Exposing Vectorizable Loops | B Qu, S Liu, H Huang, J Yuan, Q Wang… - … Conference on Algorithms …, 2019 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 20th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel  Programming, PPoPP 2015, San Francisco, CA, USA, 7–11 … In: Proceedings of the 24th  ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, pp. 201–214. …
Gpumixer: Performance-driven floating-point tuning for gpu scientific applications | I Laguna, PC Wood, R Singh, S Bagchi - International Conference on High …, 2019 - Springer | We present GPUMixer, a tool to perform mixed-precision floating-point tuning on scientific  GPU applications. While precision tuning techniques are available, they are designed for  serial programs and are accuracy-driven, ie, they consider configurations that satisfy accuracy …
Semantic versioning checking in a declarative package manager | M Hanus - Technical Communications of the 33rd International …, 2018 - drops.dagstuhl.de | Semantic versioning is a principle to associate version numbers to different software releases  in a meaningful manner. The correct use of version numbers is important in software package  systems where packages depend on other packages with specific releases. When patch …
CTXBack: Enabling low latency GPU context switching via context flashback | Z Ji, CL Wang - … Parallel and Distributed Processing Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Efficient GPU preemption mechanisms are critical for task prioritization in multitasking  environments, especially for latency-sensitive GPU applications. However, due to the large  context of GPU kernels, simply borrowing context switching mechanisms from CPU space incurs …
Combining state-and event-based semantics to verify highly available programs | P Zeller, A Bieniusa, A Poetzsch-Heffter - International Conference on …, 2019 - Springer | … In principle, our reduction to the sequential single-invocation semantics could be combined  with any technique for verifying sequential programs. For Repliss we chose to implement  a symbolic execution engine with the CVC4 [3] automated theorem solver as a backend. …
Mathematical Structures in Dependent Type Theory (Invited Talk) | A Mahboubi - 29th EACSL Annual Conference on Computer …, 2021 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages, Papers Presented at the  Symposium, Paris, France, 15-17 January 1997, pages 292–301. ACM Press, 1997. doi: …  In 9th ACM SIGPLAN International …
Modeling the behavior of threads in the PREEMPT_RT Linux kernel using automata | DB de Oliveira, T Cucinotta, RS de Oliveira - ACM SIGBED Review, 2019 - dl.acm.org | This article proposes an automata-based model for describing and verifying the behavior of  thread management code in the Linux PREEMPT_RT kernel, on a single-core system. The  automata model defines the events that influence the timing behavior of the execution of …
FormuLog: Datalog for static analysis involving logical formulae | A Bembenek, S Chong - arXiv preprint arXiv:1809.06274, 2018 - arxiv.org | Datalog has become a popular language for writing static analyses. Because Datalog is very  limited, some implementations of Datalog for static analysis have extended it with new  language features. However, even with these features it is hard or impossible to express a large …
Fashionable modelling with flux | M Innes, E Saba, K Fischer, D Gandhi… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … We detail the fundamental principles of Flux as a framework for differentiable programming,  give examples of models that are implemented within Flux to display many of the language  and framework-level features that contribute to its ease of use and high productivity, display …
Applying Bidirectional Transformations to the Design of Interoperable EMR Systems | JH Weber, J Ho - Journal of Healthcare Informatics Research, 2020 - Springer | Interoperability between heterogeneous health information systems has remained an elusive  goal despite decades of exchange standards development and implementation initiatives.  Empirical studies have shown that in many cases, implemented interoperability interfaces fail …
Word Template in CEURART for One Column | A Ometova, MY Writter, JX Ceurd - 2020 - informatik.rwth-aachen.de | … work as book [11], an article in a proceedings (of a conference, symposium, workshop for  example) (paginated proceedings article) [12], a … ACM SIGACT-SIGPLAN symposium on  Principles of Programming Languages, POPL ’79, ACM Press, New York, NY, 1979, pp. 226–236. …
Stateful dataflow multigraphs: A data-centric model for performance portability on heterogeneous architectures | T Ben-Nun, J de Fine Licht, AN Ziogas… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … • We introduce the principle of Data-centric Parallel Programming, in which we use Stateful  Dataflow Multigraphs, a datacentric Intermediate Representation that enables separating  code definition from its optimization. • We provide an open-source implementation2 of the data…
An Overview of Compiler Construction | BS Abubakar, A Ahmad, MM Aliyu, MM Ahmad… - 2021 - researchgate.net | Research in compiler construction has been one of the core research areas in computing.  Researchers in this domain try to understand how a computer system and computer languages  associate. A compiler translates code written in human-readable form (source code) to …
QWIRE practice: Formal verification of quantum circuits in Coq | R Rand, J Paykin, S Zdancewic - arXiv preprint arXiv:1803.00699, 2018 - arxiv.org | We describe an embedding of the QWIRE quantum circuit language in the Coq proof  assistant. This allows programmers to write quantum circuits using high-level abstractions and  to prove properties of those circuits using Coq's theorem proving features. The implementation …
Pallene: A companion language for Lua | HM Gualandi, R Ierusalimschy - Science of Computer Programming, 2020 - Elsevier | The simplicity and flexibility of dynamic languages make them popular for prototyping and  scripting, but the lack of compile-time type information makes it challenging to generate efficient  executable code. Inspired by ideas from scripting, just-in-time compilers, and optional type …
Processing graphs with barrierless asynchronous parallel model on shared-memory systems | L Luo, Y Liu - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2020 - Elsevier | … Section 2 elaborates the principle of the matrix-based barrierless AP model. Section 3  describes the implementation and interface of the … Shun, GE Blelloch, Ligra: a lightweight graph  processing framework for shared memory, in: ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and …
Performance evaluation and analysis of sparse matrix and graph kernels on heterogeneous processors | F Zhang, W Liu, N Feng, J Zhai, X Du - CCF Transactions on High …, 2019 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel  Programming, PPoPP ’18, pp. 407–408 (… In: Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN  Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, PPoPP ’18, pp. 338–353 (2018) …
Generative Program Analysis and Beyond: The Power of Domain-Specific Languages | B Steffen, A Murtovi - … Conference on Verification, Model Checking, and …, 2021 - Springer | In this paper we position Linear Time Temporal Logic (LTL), structural operational semantics  (SOS), and a graphical generalization of BNF as central DSLs for program analysis and  verification tasks in order to illustrate the impact of language to the mindset: (1) Specifying …
Scaling Sparse Matrix Multiplication on CPU-GPU Nodes | Y Xia, P Jiang, G Agrawal… - … Processing Symposium  …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 22nd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel … In Proceedings of  the 25th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel … In Proceedings  of the 25th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming, …
Tile size selection of affine programs for GPGPUs using polyhedral cross-compilation | K Abdelaal, M Kong - Proceedings of the ACM International Conference …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise… of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium  on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming (Vienna, Austria) (PPoPP ’18). ACM, New York…
Alligator collector: a latency-optimized garbage collector for functional programming languages | B Gamari, L Dietz - … of the 2020 ACM SIGPLAN International Symposium …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Modern hardware and applications require runtime systems that can operate under large-heap  and low-latency requirements. For many client/server or interactive applications, reducing  average and maximum pause times is more important than maximizing throughput. …
Optimized execution of parallel loops via user-defined scheduling policies | S Bak, Y Guo, P Balaji, V Sarkar - Proceedings of the 48th International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … ACM acknowledges that this contribution was authored or co-authored by an employee,  contractor or affiliate of the United States government. As … of the 24th ACM SIGPLAN conference  companion on Object oriented programming systems languages and applications. ACM, …
Have Your Cake and Eat it (Too): A Concurrent Hash Table with Hardware Transactions | Z Chen, X He, J Sun, H Chen - International Journal of Parallel …, 2018 - Springer | Hardware Transaction Memory (HTM) opens a new way to scaling multi-core software. Its main  target is to achieve high performance on multi-core systems, and at the same time simplify  concurrency control and guarantee correctness. This paper presents the redesign of an …
Phism: Polyhedral High-Level Synthesis in MLIR | R Zhao, J Cheng - arXiv preprint arXiv:2103.15103, 2021 - arxiv.org | Polyhedral optimisation, a methodology that views nested loops as polyhedra and searches  for their optimal transformation regarding specific objectives (parallelism, locality, etc.),  sounds promising for mitigating difficulties in automatically optimising hardware designs …
Automated parameterized verification of crdts | K Nagar, S Jagannathan - International Conference on Computer Aided …, 2019 - Springer | Maintaining multiple replicas of data is crucial to achieving scalability, availability and low  latency in distributed applications. Conflict-free Replicated Data Types (CRDTs) are important  building blocks in this domain because they are designed to operate correctly under the …
The code that never ran: Modeling attacks on speculative evaluation | C Disselkoen, R Jagadeesan… - 2019 IEEE Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In Proceedings of the 38th Annual ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of  Programming Languages, POPL ’11, pages 55– … 44th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles  of Programming Languages, POPL 2017, pages 175–189, New York, NY, USA, 2017. ACM. …
Bounded incoherence: A programming model for non-cache-coherent shared memory architectures | Y Ren, G Parmer, D Milojicic - … of the Eleventh International Workshop on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In SOSP ’97: Proceedings of the sixteenth ACM symposium on Operating systems principles.  ACM Press, New York, NY, USA, 143ś156. https://doi.org/10.1145/268998.266672 [5]  Qingchao Cai, Wentian Guo, Hao Zhang, Divyakant Agrawal, Gang Chen, Beng Chin Ooi, Kian-…
Optimization of stencil computations on GPUs | PS Rawat - 2018 - rave.ohiolink.edu | Stencil computations form the compute-intensive core of many scientific application domains,  such as image processing of CT and MRI imaging, computational electromagnetics, seismic  processing, and climate modeling. A stencil computation involves element-wise update of …
Survey of external memory large-scale graph processing on a multi-core system | J Huang, W Qin, X Wang, W Chen - The Journal of Supercomputing, 2020 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 14th ACM SIGPLAN symposium on principles and practice of parallel  … In: Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN symposium on principles and practice of parallel  … In: Proceedings of the 20th ACM SIGPLAN symposium on principles and practice of parallel …
Syntactically Restricting Bounded Polymorphism for Decidable Subtyping | J Aldrich, L Groves - homepages.ecs.vuw.ac.nz | … In: Proceedings of the 21st ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming  … In: Proceedings of the 44th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming … In:  Proceedings of the 16th ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming …
Detecting concurrency memory corruption vulnerabilities | Y Cai, B Zhu, R Meng, H Yun, L He, P Su… - … and Symposium on the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Memory corruption vulnerabilities can occur in multithreaded executions, known as concurrency  vulnerabilities in this paper. Due to non-deterministic multithreaded executions, they are  extremely difficult to detect. Recently, researchers tried to apply data race detectors to detect …
vDARM: Dynamic Adaptive Resource Management for Virtualized Multiprocessor Systems | J Qian, J Li, R Ma, H Guan - 2019 Design, Automation & Test in …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Modern data center servers have been enhancing their computing capacity by increasing  processor counts. Meanwhile, these servers are highly virtualized to achieve efficient resource  utilization and energy savings. However, due to the shifting of server architecture to non-…
More with less–deriving more translation rules with less training data for dbts using parameterization | J Jiang, R Dong, Z Zhou, C Song… - … Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … As most of the ISA designs follow similar design principles in their formats, we find ARM and  Intel X86 in our prototype are no exception and can be divided into similar subgroups. After  all of the instructions in the ISA are classified into a handful of different subgroups, a pseudo …
SparseRT: Accelerating unstructured sparsity on GPUs for deep learning inference | Z Wang - arXiv preprint arXiv:2008.11849, 2020 - arxiv.org | … While a detailed treatise can be found elsewhere, we briefly introduce key terminology and  principles. In CUDA, work in a program is divided among processes named threads. Each  thread has private registers which can be … We see in principle two ways to perform the load …
Netcomplete: Practical network-wide configuration synthesis with autocompletion | A El-Hassany, P Tsankov, L Vanbever… - … {USENIX} Symposium on …, 2018 - usenix.org | Network operators often need to adapt the configuration of a network in order to comply with  changing routing policies. Evolving existing configurations, however, is a complex task as local  changes can have unforeseen global effects. Not surprisingly, this often leads to mistakes …
Generalized data structure synthesis | C Loncaric, MD Ernst, E Torlak - … of the 40th International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. … ceedings of the 42nd Annual ACM  SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of … In Proceedings of the 29th ACM  SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language Design and Implementation (PLDI ’08). …
Automated Derivation of Random Generators for Algebraic Data Types | A MISTA - 2020 - cse.chalmers.se | … In principle, we could combine every random construction extracted from the codebase  into a single random generator. However, as our codebase grows, this practice can become  unmanageable. The reason for this is that different parts of our system could expect different …
Precise Pointer Analysis in High-Level Synthesis | N Ramanathan, GA Constantinides… - … Conference on Field …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … algorithm for interprocedural aliasing,” ACM SIGPLAN Notices, vol. 27, no. 7, pp. … sensitive  pointer analysis via value flow graph,” ACM SIGPLAN Notices, vol. 48, no. 11, pp. … cedural  points-to analysis in the presence of function pointers,” ACM SIGPLAN Notices, vol. 29, no. 6, pp. …
Crash recoverable ARMv8-oriented B+-tree for byte-addressable persistent memory | C Wang, S Chattopadhyay… - … of the 20th ACM SIGPLAN …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The byte-addressable non-volatile memory (NVM) promises persistent memory. Concretely,  ARM processors have incorporated architectural supports to utilize NVM. In this paper, we  consider tailoring the important B+-tree for NVM operated by a 64-bit ARMv8 processor. We …
A dependently typed multi-stage calculus | A Kawata, A Igarashi - Asian Symposium on Programming Languages …, 2019 - Springer | We study a dependently typed extension of a multi-stage programming language à la  MetaOCaml, which supports quasi-quotation and cross-stage persistence for manipulation  of code fragments as first-class values and an evaluation construct for execution of programs …
HiCOO: Hierarchical storage of sparse tensors | J Li, J Sun, R Vuduc - SC18: International Conference for High …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper proposes a new storage format for sparse tensors, called Hierarchical COOrdinate  (HiCOO; pronounced: “haiku”). It derives from coordinate (COO) format, arguably the de facto  standard for general sparse tensor storage. HiCOO improves upon COO by compressing …
On the efficiency of convex polyhedra | E Zaffanella - Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science, 2018 - Elsevier | The domain of convex polyhedra plays a special role in the collection of numerical domains  considered for program analysis and verification. As far as precision is concerned, it would  be the most natural choice in many contexts but, due to its worst case exponential complexity, …
Exploiting in-Hub Temporal Locality in SpMV-based Graph Processing | M Koohi Esfahani, P Kilpatrick… - … Conference on Parallel …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … of the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming  (Vienna, Austria) (PPoPP ’18). ACM, New York, … ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT Symposium on  Principles of Programming Languages (San Diego, California, USA) (POPL ’88). Association for …
