The 50th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture Proceedings October 14 18, 2017, Cambridge, MA | ACM SIGMICRO - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … On behalf of the IEEE Computer Society and ACM SIGMICRO we cordially welcome you  to the 2017 IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture. This year/s  conference is the golden anniversary of MICRO ? 50 years of technical ideas, debate, and …
EMSim: A microarchitecture-level simulation tool for modeling electromagnetic side-channel signals | N Sehatbakhsh, BB Yilmaz, A Zajic… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … by differences between the assumed and the actual (often proprietary) microarchitecture of the  processor, we implement a RISC-V based [41] in-… We envision that, to provide fairly accurate  simulation while having an access to a detailed micro-architecture model, EMSim can be …
Q-zilla: A scheduling framework and core microarchitecture for tail-tolerant microservices | A Mirhosseini, BL West, GW Blake… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Second, as an example realization of the Q-Zilla framework, we propose CoreZilla, a  microarchitecture to minimize the tail latency of µs-scale microservices. Modern internet services  use distributed microservice architectures, wherein a complex application is decomposed into …
Mi6: Secure enclaves in a speculative out-of-order processor | T Bourgeat, I Lebedev, A Wright, S Zhang… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … To achieve this, all shared resources in our microarchitecture are isolated spatially and  temporally as required by our threat model, described in Section 2.3. Enclaves trade expressivity  for security; enclave software is restricted in how it interacts with untrusted software, including …
μir-an intermediate representation for transforming and optimizing the microarchitecture of application accelerators | A Sharifian, R Hojabr, N Rahimi, S Liu, A Guha… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … and microarchitecture optimizations are tied with program correctness. We propose a generalized  intermediate representation for describing accelerator microarchitecture… ii) it decouples  microarchitecture optimizations from the RTL generation. Computer architects express their …
Sparse tensor core: Algorithm and hardware co-design for vector-wise sparse neural networks on modern gpus | M Zhu, T Zhang, Z Gu, Y Xie - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Meanwhile, new instructions and micro-architecture optimization are proposed in Tensor  Core to adapt to the structurally sparse neural … • We also show the details of the micro-architecture  design to mitigate the performance bottleneck, which achieves 58% performance gain …
Turnpike: Lightweight Soft Error Resilience for In-Order Cores | J Zeng, H Kim, J Lee, C Jung - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Acoustic-sensor-based soft error resilience is particularly promising, since it can verify the  absence of soft errors and eliminate silent data corruptions at a low hardware cost. However,  the state-of-the-art work incurs a significant performance overhead for in-order cores due to …
RISC-V Microarchitecture Simulation State Enumeration | G Knipe, D Rodriguez, Y Fei, D Kaeli - Fifth Workshop on Computer …, 2021 - carrv.github.io | … resource investment and these costs will increase as microarchitectural design features are  introduced and complexity continues to … microarchitectural design process for complex RISC-V  microarchitectures. We have pursued this goal by integrating bounded microarchitectural …
SparTen: A sparse tensor accelerator for convolutional neural networks | A Gondimalla, N Chesnut, M Thottethodi… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … To that end, we propose SparTen, a fully-sparse tensor accelerator architecture, which  makes the following contributions: First, SparTen’s microarchitecture achieves efficient inner  join for full sparsity instead of avoiding the inner join like SCNN. SparTen provides support for …
Applying deep learning to the cache replacement problem | Z Shi, X Huang, A Jain, C Lin - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Despite its success in many areas, deep learning is a poor fit for use in hardware predictors  because these models are impractically large and slow, but this paper shows how we can use  deep learning to help design a new cache replacement policy. We first show that for cache …
NDA: Preventing speculative execution attacks at their source | O Weisse, I Neal, K Loughlin, TF Wenisch… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We build NDA upon a baseline physical register-based OoO micro-architecture [74]. The key  insight behind NDA’s design is that speculative instructions (either in the correct or the  wrong-path) can safely execute without leaking secrets as long as their inputs are results of safe …
Zcomp: Reducing dnn cross-layer memory footprint using vector extensions | B Akin, ZA Chishti, AR Alameldeen - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We skip the detailed microarchitecture descriptions as they are very similar to the  interleavedheader variants. For zcomps, the execution only differs at the final stage where the  generated header is written into the memory location pointed by reg3 instead of concatenating it in …
Dspatch: Dual spatial pattern prefetcher | R Bera, AV Nori, O Mutlu, S Subramoney - … ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | High main memory latency continues to limit performance of modern high-performance out-of-order  cores. While DRAM latency has remained nearly the same over many generations, DRAM  bandwidth has grown significantly due to higher frequencies, newer architectures (…
Simba: Scaling deep-learning inference with multi-chip-module-based architecture | YS Shao, J Clemons, R Venkatesan, B Zimmer… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Package-level integration using multi-chip-modules (MCMs) is a promising approach for  building large-scale systems. Compared to a large monolithic die, an MCM combines many  smaller chiplets into a larger system, substantially reducing fabrication and design costs. Current …
Understanding reuse, performance, and hardware cost of dnn dataflow: A data-centric approach | H Kwon, P Chatarasi, M Pellauer, A Parashar… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … microarchitecture and the dataflows it supports is one of the primary optimization targets for  any accelerator design. This remains an open challenge, as observed by the number of novel  dataflows and microarchitectures that … between dataflow and microarchitecture choices. …
Twig: Profile-guided BTB prefetching for data center applications | TA Khan, N Brown, A Sriraman… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Evolution of the samsung exynos CPU microarchitecture. In 2020 ACM/IEEE 47th Annual  International Symposium on Computer Architecture. IEEE, 40–51. … In Proceedings of the  29th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture. IEEE, 24– 34. …
ecnn: A block-based and highly-parallel cnn accelerator for edge inference | CT Huang, YC Ding, HC Wang, CW Weng… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have recently demonstrated superior quality for  computational imaging applications. Therefore, they have great potential to revolutionize  the image pipelines on cameras and displays. However, it is difficult for conventional CNN …
Tensordimm: A practical near-memory processing architecture for embeddings and tensor operations in deep learning | Y Kwon, Y Lee, M Rhu - … International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Recent studies from several hyperscalars pinpoint to embedding layers as the most memory-intensive  deep learning (DL) algorithm being deployed in today's datacenters. This paper addresses  the memory capacity and bandwidth challenges of embedding layers and the …
Prefetched address translation | A Margaritov, D Ustiugov, E Bugnion… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … ASAP requires minimal extensions to the OS and trivial microarchitectural support.  Moreover, ASAP is fully legacy-preserving, requiring no … We compare ASAP with state-of-the-art  microarchitectural and software techniques and demonstrate their synergy with ASAP. …
Manic: A vector-dataflow architecture for ultra-low-power embedded systems | G Gobieski, A Nagi, N Serafin, MM Isgenc… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Studying the frequency of power failures and the typically very low cost of JIT checkpointing  [45, 58, 60], we conclude that microarchitectural support for correctness is not the most urgent  research question in an intermittent architecture; architects should focus on efficiency first. …
Cleanupspec: An" undo" approach to safe speculation | G Saileshwar, MK Qureshi - … Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Speculation-based attacks affect hundreds of millions of computers. These attacks typically  exploit caches to leak information, using speculative instructions to cause changes to the  cache state. Hardware-based solutions that protect against such forms of attacks try to prevent …
CMRC: Comprehensive Microarchitectural Register Coalescing for GPGPUs | AM Radaideh, PV Gratz - 2021 Design, Automation & Test in …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 3 are the microarchitectural enhancements and additions of CMRC. The key feature of CMRC  is enabling finer control on RF banks, crossbar network, and OC units such that the available  128B wide ports and data buses are shared among coalesed RF accesses. This allows …
PDede: Partitioned, Deduplicated, Delta Branch Target Buffer | NK Soundararajan, P Braun, TA Khan… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … To guide the BTB microarchitecture we propose in the next section, we conduct a  comprehensive analysis of 102 frontend-bound applications listed in Table 1. They are picked from  an internal repository consisting of thousands of real-world applications (including open source …
HARP: Practically and Effectively Identifying Uncorrectable Errors in Memory Chips That Use On-Die Error-Correcting Codes | M Patel, GF de Oliveira, O Mutlu - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Aggressive storage density scaling in modern main memories causes increasing error rates  that are addressed using error-mitigation techniques. State-of-the-art techniques for addressing  high error rates identify and repair bits that are at risk of error from within the memory …
Alleviating irregularity in graph analytics acceleration: a hardware/software co-design approach | M Yan, X Hu, S Li, A Basak, H Li, X Ma… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … To extract data dependencies at runtime, we propose a new programming model in synergy  with a microarchitecture design that supports datapath decoupling. Through data dependency  information, we present several data-aware strategies to dynamically schedule workloads, …
Phi: Architectural support for synchronization-and bandwidth-efficient commutative scatter updates | A Mukkara, N Beckmann, D Sanchez - … /ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We evaluate PHI using detailed microarchitectural simulation. We focus our evaluation on  graph algorithms, which are particularly memory-intensive due to the large footprint of real-world  graphs, but PHI’s benefits apply to other sparse applications that use scatter updates like …
Architectural implications of function-as-a-service computing | M Shahrad, J Balkind, D Wentzlaff - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Serverless computing is a rapidly growing cloud application model, popularized by Amazon's  Lambda platform. Serverless cloud services provide fine-grained provisioning of resources,  which scale automatically with user demand. Function-as-a-Service (FaaS) applications …
Fiforder microarchitecture: Ready-aware instruction scheduling for ooo processors | M Alipour, R Kumar, S Kaxiras… - … Design, Automation & …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Figure 5 illustrates the final design and pipeline view of the FIFOrder microarchitecture.  The shaded and gray parts are the pipeline parts that are affected by the FIFOrder. Functional  unites are shared between the IQ and the FIFOs to bring more flexibility at issue time. …
Cyclone: Detecting contention-based cache information leaks through cyclic interference | A Harris, S Wei, P Sahu, P Kumar, T Austin… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … micro-architecture in order to detect cycles. Cyclone handles coarse-and-fine-grained  isolation by enabling software to specify security domains in a security lattice to the micro-architecture. …  tracing system, distributed across the micro-architecture, that monitors cyclic interference …
Specshield: Shielding speculative data from microarchitectural covert channels | K Barber, A Bacha, L Zhou, Y Zhang… - … 28th International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Meltdown and Spectre introduced a new class of microarchitectural exploits which leverage  transient state as an attack vector, revealing fundamental security vulnerabilities of speculative  execution in high-performance processors. These attacks profit from the fact that, during …
Temporal prefetching without the off-chip metadata | H Wu, K Nathella, J Pusdesris, D Sunwoo… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Temporal prefetching offers great potential, but this potential is difficult to achieve because of  the need to store large amounts of prefetcher metadata off chip. To reduce the latency and  traffic of off-chip metadata accesses, recent advances in temporal prefetching have proposed …
Synthesizing Formal Models of Hardware from RTL for Efficient Verification of Memory Model Implementations | Y Hsiao, DP Mulligan, N Nikoleris, G Petri… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … microarchitecture adheres to a particular memory consistency model (MCM). This observation  inspired the Check tools, which formally check that a specific microarchitecture … or not a  specific microarchitecture is guaranteed to correctly execute every test, using microarchitectural …
PipeProof: Automated memory consistency proofs for microarchitectural specifications | YA Manerkar, D Lustig, M Martonosi… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … complete MCM verification of microarchitectural implementations. To fill this need for complete  microarchitectural MCM verification, we present PipeProof2, a methodology and automated  tool for unbounded verification of axiomatic microarchitectural ordering specifications [19] …
TRiM: Enhancing Processor-Memory Interfaces with Scalable Tensor Reduction in Memory | J Park, B Kim, S Yun, E Lee, M Rhu… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Personalized recommendation systems are gaining significant traction due to their industrial  importance. An important building block of recommendation systems consists of the embedding  layers, which exhibit a highly memory-intensive characteristic. A fundamental primitive of …
SparseAdapt: Runtime Control for Sparse Linear Algebra on a Reconfigurable Accelerator | S Pal, A Amarnath, S Feng, M O'Boyle… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … We next discuss the microarchitectural aspects and overhead of reconfiguring each selected  hardware parameter. … For circuit-level simplicity, we consider global DVFS, ie the same  clock feeds into each microarchitectural block, as opposed to per-core or per-block DVFS. The …
McPAT-Calib: A Microarchitecture Power Modeling Framework for Modern CPUs | J Zhai, C Bai, B Zhu, Y Cai, Q Zhou… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We first introduce 7nm technology parameters and reduce modeling errors through  microarchitecture modification and empirical coefficient adjustment. These improvements are  easy to implement and very effective. Unlike ML-based methods, the analytical power model …
Towards general purpose acceleration by exploiting common data-dependence forms | V Dadu, J Weng, S Liu, T Nowatzki - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Our Goal for AF-Indirect: Create a stream-based hardware/software interface and  microarchitecture enabling indirect access at full bandwidth … In order to explain our proposed  microarchitecture, we first discuss the set of stream abstractions that are expressed to the hardware. …
Speculative taint tracking (stt) a comprehensive protection for speculatively accessed data | J Yu, M Yan, A Khyzha, A Morrison, J Torrellas… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … , and later exfiltrating that data over microarchitectural covert channels. Since these attacks  first … We provide a comprehensive study of covert channels on speculative microarchitectures,  … -speculative, and design a novel microarchitecture for disabling protection at this moment. …
Graphq: Scalable pim-based graph processing | Y Zhuo, C Wang, M Zhang, R Wang, D Niu… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Processing-In-Memory (PIM) architectures based on recent technology advances (eg,  Hybrid Memory Cube) demonstrate great potential for graph processing. However, existing  solutions did not address the key challenge of graph processing---irregular data movements. …
DynaSprint: Microarchitectural Sprints with Dynamic Utility and Thermal Management | Z Huang, JA Joao, A Rico, AD Hilton… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Sprinting is a class of mechanisms that provides a short but significant performance boost  while temporarily exceeding the thermal design point. We propose DynaSprint, a software  runtime that manages sprints by dynamically predicting utility and modeling thermal headroom. …
Distributed logless atomic durability with persistent memory | S Gupta, A Daglis, B Falsafi - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Datacenter operators have started deploying Persistent Memory (PM), leveraging its  combination of fast access and persistence for significant performance gains. A key challenge  for PM-aware software is to maintain high performance while achieving atomic durability. The …
Sosa: Self-optimizing learning with self-adaptive control for hierarchical system-on-chip management | B Donyanavard, T Mück, AM Rahmani, N Dutt… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Resource management strategies for many-core systems dictate the sharing of resources  among applications such as power, processing cores, and memory bandwidth in order to  achieve system goals. System goals require consideration of both system constraints (eg, power …
Point-X: A spatial-locality-aware architecture for energy-efficient graph-based point-cloud deep learning | JF Zhang, Z Zhang - … ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO’21), October 18–22,  2021, Virtual Event, Greece. ACM, New … Copyrights for components of this work owned by  others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or …
CASINO core microarchitecture: Generating out-of-order schedules using cascaded in-order scheduling windows | I Jeong, S Park, C Lee, WW Ro - … IEEE International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To this end, we propose a CASINO core microarchitecture that dynamically and speculatively  generates OoO schedules with near-InO complexity, using CAScaded IN-Order scheduling  windows. A Speculative IQ (S-IQ) issues an instruction if it is ready, or otherwise passes it to …
Asv: Accelerated stereo vision system | Y Feng, P Whatmough, Y Zhu - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Estimating depth from stereo vision cameras, ie," depth from stereo", is critical to emerging  intelligent applications deployed in energy-and performance-constrained devices, such as  augmented reality headsets and mobile autonomous robots. While existing stereo vision …
Computedram: In-memory compute using off-the-shelf drams | F Gao, G Tziantzioulis, D Wentzlaff - … IEEE/ACM international symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In-memory computing has long been promised as a solution to the" Memory Wall" problem.  Recent work has proposed using chargesharing on the bit-lines of a memory in order to  compute in-place and with massive parallelism, all without having to move data across the …
Medal: Scalable dimm based near data processing accelerator for dna seeding algorithm | W Huangfu, X Li, S Li, X Hu, P Gu, Y Xie - … /ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Computational genomics has proven its great potential to support precise and customized health  care. However, with the wide adoption of the Next Generation Sequencing (NGS)  technology,'DNA Alignment', as the crucial step in computational genomics, is becoming more and …
Supermem: Enabling application-transparent secure persistent memory with low overheads | P Zuo, Y Hua, Y Xie - … International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Non-volatile memory (NVM) suffers from security vulnerability to physical access based  attacks due to non-volatility. To ensure data security in NVM, counter mode encryption is often  used by considering its high security level and low decryption latency. However, the counter …
F1: A fast and programmable accelerator for fully homomorphic encryption | N Samardzic, A Feldmann, A Krastev… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Static scheduling: Because FHE programs are completely regular, F1 adopts a static, exposed  microarchitecture: all components have fixed … for clustered register file microarchitectures.  In Proceedings of the 31st annual ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Microarchitecture. …
Touché: Towards ideal and efficient cache compression by mitigating tag area overheads | S Hong, B Abali, A Buyuktosunoglu, MB Healy… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Compression is seen as a simple technique to increase the effective cache capacity.  Unfortunately, compression techniques either incur tag area overheads or restrict cache  block placement to only include neighboring addresses. Ideally, we should be able to place …
Cascade: Connecting rrams to extend analog dataflow in an end-to-end in-memory processing paradigm | T Chou, W Tang, J Botimer, Z Zhang - … /ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Processing in memory (PIM) is a concept to enable massively parallel dot products while  keeping one set of operands in memory. PIM is ideal for computationally demanding deep  neural networks (DNNs) and recurrent neural networks (RNNs). Processing in resistive RAM (…
Quantifying memory underutilization in hpc systems and using it to improve performance via architecture support | G Panwar, D Zhang, Y Pang, M Dahshan… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Due to the fundamental tradeoff between computation time and space, exposing free  memory to hardware can enable many new microarchitecture techniques to boost performance.  This section describes in detail one such new microarchitecture – Free-memoryaware Memory …
Trident: Harnessing architectural resources for all page sizes in x86 processors | VSS Ram, A Panwar, A Basu - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … We use Linux’s perf tool [8] to collect  relevant microarchitectural events. Specifically, we measure the number of cycles spent on page …
I-GCN: A graph convolutional network accelerator with runtime locality enhancement through islandization | T Geng, C Wu, Y Zhang, C Tan, C Xie, H You… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) have drawn tremendous attention in the past three  years. Compared with other deep learning modalities, high-performance hardware acceleration  of GCNs is as critical but even more challenging. The hurdles arise from the poor data …
Cerebros: Evading the RPC Tax in Datacenters | A Pourhabibi, M Sutherland, A Daglis… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | The emerging paradigm of microservices decomposes online services into fine-grained  software modules frequently communicating over the datacenter network, often using Remote  Procedure Calls (RPCs). Ongoing advancements in the network stack have exposed the RPC …
Shapeshifter: Enabling fine-grain data width adaptation in deep learning | AD Lascorz, S Sharify, I Edo, DM Stuart… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | We show that selecting a data width for all values in Deep Neural Networks, quantized or  not and even if that width is different per layer, amounts to worst-case design. Much shorter  data widths can be used if we target the common case by adjusting the data type width at a …
SISA: Set-centric instruction set architecture for graph mining on processing-in-memory systems | M Besta, R Kanakagiri, G Kwasniewski… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Simple graph algorithms such as PageRank have been the target of numerous hardware  accelerators. Yet, there also exist much more complex graph mining algorithms for problems  such as clustering or maximal clique listing. These algorithms are memory-bound and thus …
The Laplace Microarchitecture for Tracking Data Uncertainty and Its Implementation in a RISC-V Processor | V Tsoutsouras, O Kaparounakis, B Bilgin… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … We present Laplace, a microarchitecture for tracking machine representations of probability  … to initialize distributional information in the microarchitecture and to allow applications to … to  get uncertainty information into the microarchitecture. We have deployed an implementation of …
2-in-1 Accelerator: Enabling Random Precision Switch for Winning Both Adversarial Robustness and Efficiency | Y Fu, Y Zhao, Q Yu, C Li, Y Lin - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … mapping methods (ie, dataflows) and micro-architecture [89] towards the workloads of DNNs  … for both the optimal dataflow and micro-architecture given the target acceleration efficiency  and … accelerators [90] to obtain the efficiency for a given dataflow and micro-architecture pair. …
Practical byte-granular memory blacklisting using califorms | H Sasaki, MA Arroyo, MTI Ziad, K Bhat… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In order to evaluate the performance of the additional latency posed by Califorms, we  perform detailed microarchitectural simulations. We run SPEC CPU2006 benchmarks with ZSim  [24] processor simulator for evaluation. All the benchmarks are compiled with Clang version 6.0…
CoSpec: Compiler directed speculative intermittent computation | J Choi, Q Liu, C Jung - … International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Energy harvesting systems have emerged as an alternative to battery-operated embedded  devices. Due to the intermittent nature of energy harvesting, researchers equip the systems  with nonvolatile memory (NVM) and crash consistency mechanisms. However, prior works …
BOOM-Explorer: RISC-V BOOM Microarchitecture Design Space Exploration Framework | C Bai, Q Sun, J Zhai, Y Ma, B Yu… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract-The microarchitecture design of a processor has been … microarchitecture designs  but lack sufficient discussions on methodologies to strike a good balance between power  and performance. This work proposes an automatic framework to explore microarchitecture …
AutoBraid: A Framework for Enabling Efficient Surface Code Communication in Quantum Computing | F Hua, Y Chen, Y Jin, C Zhang, A Hayes… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Quantum computers can solve problems that are intractable using the most powerful classical  computer. However, qubits are fickle and error prone. It is necessary to actively correct  errors in the execution of a quantum circuit. Quantum error correction (QEC) codes are …
The forward slice core microarchitecture | K Lakshminarasimhan, A Naithani, J Feliu… - … the ACM International …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … microarchitecture to address the aforementioned shortcomings of sOoO cores. Figure 3  provides an overview of the FSC microarchitecture… For fair comparison, the total number of  in-flight instructions equals 32 for all core microarchitectures evaluated in this work. All simulated …
COSPlay: Leveraging Task-Level Parallelism for High-Throughput Synchronous Persistence | M Vemmou, A Daglis - … International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Due to the lack of publicly available details regarding clwb handling in modern CPU  microarchitectures, we hypothesize the existence of the … Figure 5 illustrates the aforementioned  components of the CPU microarchitecture, including our extensions to support COSPlay. We …
Maxnvm: Maximizing dnn storage density and inference efficiency with sparse encoding and error mitigation | L Pentecost, M Donato, B Reagen, U Gupta… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Deeply embedded applications require low-power, low-cost hardware that fits within stringent  area constraints. Deep learning has many potential uses in these domains, but introduces  significant inefficiencies stemming from off-chip DRAM accesses of model weights. Ideally, …
AccelWattch: A Power Modeling Framework for Modern GPUs | V Kandiah, S Peverelle, M Khairy, J Pan… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Graphics Processing Units (GPUs) are rapidly dominating the accelerator space, as illustrated  by their wide-spread adoption in the data analytics and machine learning markets. At the  same time, performance per watt has emerged as a crucial evaluation metric together with …
ESCALATE: Boosting the Efficiency of Sparse CNN Accelerator with Kernel Decomposition | S Li, E Hanson, X Qian, HH Li, Y Chen - … /ACM International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … We propose ‘Basis-First’ dataflow and corresponding microarchitecture design to support the  ESCALATE -compressed CNN model. Extensive experiments show that ESCALATE algorithm  achieves up to 325× compression rate with negligible additional accuracy loss compared …
Edgebert: Sentence-level energy optimizations for latency-aware multi-task nlp inference | T Tambe, C Hooper, L Pentecost, T Jia… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium  on Microarchitecture (MICRO ’21), October 18–22, 2021, Virtual Event, Greece. ACM, New …
Archytas: A Framework for Synthesizing and Dynamically Optimizing Accelerators for Robotic Localization | W Liu, B Yu, Y Gan, Q Liu, J Tang, S Liu… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise… microarchitecture of application accelerators. In  Proceedings of the 52nd Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture…
TIP: Time-Proportional Instruction Profiling | B Gottschall, L Eeckhout, M Jahre - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | A fundamental part of developing software is to understand what the application spends  time on. This is typically determined using a performance profiler which essentially captures  how execution time is distributed across the instructions of a program. At the same time, the …
Efficient spmv operation for large and highly sparse matrices using scalable multi-way merge parallelization | F Sadi, J Sweeney, TM Low, JC Hoe, L Pileggi… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The importance of Sparse Matrix dense Vector multiplication (SpMV) operation in graph  analytics and numerous scientific applications has led to development of custom accelerators  that are intended to over-come the difficulties of sparse data operations on general purpose …
Prevention of microarchitectural covert channels on an open-source 64-bit RISC-V core | N Wistoff, M Schneider, FK Gürkaynak, L Benini… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … Microarchitectural covert channels exploit changes in execution timing resulting from …  extension to the RISC-V ISA, that flushes microarchitectural state, can enable the OS to close all  five … We observe strong channels through each of the five microarchitectural resources targeted. …
Leveraging caches to accelerate hash tables and memoization | G Zhang, D Sanchez - … International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Hash tables are widely used, but they are inefficient in current systems: they use core resources  poorly and suffer from limited spatial locality in caches. To address these issues we propose  HTA, a technique that accelerates hash table operations via simple ISA extensions and …
eAP: A scalable and efficient in-memory accelerator for automata processing | E Sadredini, R Rahimi, V Verma, M Stan… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Accelerating finite automata processing benefits regular-expression workloads and a wide  range of other applications that do not map obviously to regular expressions, including pattern  mining, bioinformatics, and machine learning. Existing in-memory automata processing …
Bbs: Micro-architecture benchmarking blockchain systems through machine learning and fuzzy set | L Zhu, C Chen, Z Su, W Chen, T Li… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … What’s worse, the large number of micro-architecture events make understanding the  characteristics extremely difficult. We even lack a … blockchain programs at microarchitecture  level. The key is to leverage fuzzy set theory to identify important micro-architecture events after the …
DarKnight: An accelerated framework for privacy and integrity preserving deep learning using trusted hardware | H Hashemi, Y Wang, M Annavaram - … /ACM International Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Privacy and security-related concerns are growing as machine learning reaches diverse  application domains. The data holders want to train or infer with private data while exploiting  accelerators, such as GPUs, that are hosted in the cloud. Cloud systems are vulnerable to …
Cohmeleon: Learning-Based Orchestration of Accelerator Coherence in Heterogeneous SoCs | J Zuckerman, D Giri, J Kwon, P Mantovani… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | One of the most critical aspects of integrating loosely-coupled accelerators in heterogeneous  SoC architectures is orchestrating their interactions with the memory hierarchy, especially  in terms of navigating the various cache-coherence options: from accelerators accessing off-…
Deepstore: In-storage acceleration for intelligent queries | VS Mailthody, Z Qureshi, W Liang, Z Feng… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Recent advancements in deep learning techniques facilitate intelligent-query support in diverse  applications, such as content-based image retrieval and audio texturing. Unlike conventional  key-based queries, these intelligent queries lack efficient indexing and require complex …
GPS: A Global Publish-Subscribe Model for Multi-GPU Memory Management | H Muthukrishnan, D Lustig, D Nellans… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Suboptimal management of memory and bandwidth is one of the primary causes of low  performance on systems comprising multiple GPUs. Existing memory management solutions  like Unified Memory (UM) offer simplified programming but come at the cost of performance: …
Netdimm: Low-latency near-memory network interface architecture | M Alian, NS Kim - … /ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Optimizing bandwidth was the main focus of designing scale-out networks for several decades  and this optimization trend has served well the traditional Internet applications. However,  the emergence of datacenters as single computer entities has made latency as important as …
Microscope: Enabling microarchitectural replay attacks | D Skarlatos, M Yan, B Gopireddy… - … Annual International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , this paper introduces Microarchitectural Replay Attacks, which enable the SGX adversary to  denoise (nearly) any microarchitectural side … We design and implement MicroScope, a  framework for conducting microarchitectural replay attacks, and demonstrate our attacks on real …
Improving Address Translation in Multi-GPUs via Sharing and Spilling aware TLB Design | B Li, J Yin, Y Zhang, X Tang - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO ’21), October  18–22, 2021, Virtual Event, Greece. ACM, New … Copyrights for components of this work owned  by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, …
NMAP: Power Management Based on Network Packet Processing Mode Transition for Latency-Critical Workloads | KD Kang, G Park, H Kim, M Alian, NS Kim… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Processor power management exploiting Dynamic Voltage and Frequency Scaling (DVFS)  plays a crucial role in improving the data-center’s energy efficiency. However, we observe  that current power management policies in Linux (ie, governors) often considerably increase …
Vortex: Extending the RISC-V ISA for GPGPU and 3D-Graphics | B Tine, KP Yalamarthy, F Elsabbagh… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | The importance of open-source hardware and software has been increasing. However,  despite GPUs being one of the more popular accelerators across various applications, there  is very little open-source GPU infrastructure in the public domain. We argue that one of the …
Effective Processor Verification with Logic Fuzzer Enhanced Co-simulation | N Kabylkas, T Thorn, S Srinath, P Xekalakis… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … The Logic Fuzzer increases the microarchitectural states reached without the engineering  effort of … Our results show that atypical microarchitectural states created by Logic Fuzzer  expose … It is problematic because we lose microarchitectural states from which the bug could …
JetStream: Graph Analytics on Streaming Data with Event-Driven Hardware Accelerator | S Rahman, M Afarin, N Abu-Ghazaleh… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Graph Processing is at the core of many critical emerging workloads operating on unstructured  data, including social network analysis, bioinformatics, and many others. Many applications  operate on graphs that are constantly changing, ie, new nodes and edges are added or …
Simmani: Runtime power modeling for arbitrary rtl with automatic signal selection | D Kim, J Zhao, J Bachrach, K Asanović - … /ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | This paper presents a novel runtime power modeling methodology which automatically  identifies key signals for power dissipation of any RTL design. The toggle-pattern matrix is  constructed with the VCD dumps from a training set, where each signal is represented as a high-…
Efficient, Distributed, and Non-Speculative Multi-Address Atomic Operations | EJ Gómez-Hernández, JM Cebrian, R Titos-Gil… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Critical sections that read, modify, and write (RMW) a small set of addresses are common in  parallel applications and concurrent data structures. However, to escape from the intricacies  of fine-grained locks, which require reasoning about all possible thread interleavings, …
An Ultra-Low-Power Embedded Processor with Variable Micro-Architecture | W Ma, Q Cheng, Y Gao, L Xu, N Yu - Micromachines, 2021 - mdpi.com | … A more complex micro-architecture leads to better peak performance and worse power  consumption. Shutting down the units designed for … Thus, we proposed an ultra-low-power  processor with variable micro-architecture. The processor is based on a 4-stage pipeline core with …
Ssp: Eliminating redundant writes in failure-atomic nvrams via shadow sub-paging | Y Ni, J Zhao, H Litz, D Bittman, EL Miller - … /ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Non-Volatile Random Access Memory (NVRAM) technologies are closing the performance  gap between traditional storage and memory. However, the integrity of persistent data  structures after an unclean shutdown remains a major concern. Logging is commonly used to …
Sanger: A Co-Design Framework for Enabling Sparse Attention using Reconfigurable Architecture | L Lu, Y Jin, H Bi, Z Luo, P Li, T Wang… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium  on Microarchitecture (MICRO ’21), October 18–22, 2021, Virtual Event, Greece. ACM, New …
Validation of Side-Channel Models via Observation Refinement | P Buiras, H Nemati, A Lindner… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … instructions can affect the microarchitectural state, such as state of the data caches. …  However, if the microarchitecture supports speculative execution, an attacker can fool the … In  order to check if a microarchitecture is not affected by Spectrev1-like vulnerabilities we should …
Sunder: Enabling Low-Overhead and Scalable Near-Data Pattern Matching Acceleration | E Sadredini, R Rahimi, M Imani… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | ABSTRACT Automata processing is an efficient computation model for regular expressions  and other forms of sophisticated pattern matching. The demand for high-throughput and real-time  pattern matching in many applications, including network intrusion detection and spam …
CPU Microarchitectural Performance Characterization of Cloud Video Transcoding | Y Chen, J Zhu, TA Khan… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … microarchitectural characteristics of the transcoding operation for different classes of videos,  other parameters of video transcoding and their impact on CPU performance has yet to be  studied. In this work, we investigate the microarchitectural … with different microarchitecture …
Improving Streaming Graph Processing Performance using Input Knowledge | A Basak, Z Qu, J Lin, AR Alameldeen… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Streaming graphs are ubiquitous in today’s big data era. Prior work has improved the  performance of streaming graph workloads without taking input characteristics into account.  In this work, we demonstrate that input knowledge-driven software and hardware co-design is …
PCCS: Processor-Centric Contention-aware Slowdown Model for Heterogeneous System-on-Chips | Y Xu, ME Belviranli, X Shen, J Vetter - … /ACM International Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In 2009 IEEE international symposium on workload characterization (IISWC). Ieee, 44–54. …  In Proceedings of the 8th annual IEEE/ACM international symposium on Code generation  and optimization. ACM, 257–265. …
Mitigating measurement errors in quantum computers by exploiting state-dependent bias | SS Tannu, MK Qureshi - … International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO-52), October  12–16, 2019, Columbus, OH, USA. ACM, New York… Copyrights for components of this work  owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy …
Boosting the performance of cnn accelerators with dynamic fine-grained channel gating | W Hua, Y Zhou, C De Sa, Z Zhang… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | This paper proposes a new fine-grained dynamic pruning technique for CNN inference,  named channel gating, and presents an accelerator architecture that can effectively exploit the  dynamic sparsity. Intuitively, channel gating identifies the regions in the feature map of each …
This architecture tastes like microarchitecture | C Dunham, J Beard - Workshop on Pioneering Processor …, 2018 - jonathanbeard.io | … the gap between actual implementations, or microarchitecture, and the software that runs on  … In our investigation, we find that RISC’s impact on microarchitecture should be contrasted …  that exposes, rather than abstracts over, microarchitectural details of the naturally envisagable …
Towards the adoption of local branch predictors in modern out-of-order superscalar processors | N Soundararajan, S Gupta, R Natarajan… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise… The microarchitectural parameters are  similar to the latest Intel Skylake processor [6] and we list some of the relevant parameters in Table …
Ensemble of diverse mappings: Improving reliability of quantum computers by orchestrating dissimilar mistakes | SS Tannu, M Qureshi - … International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO-52), October  12–16, 2019, Columbus, OH, USA. ACM, New York… Copyrights for components of this work  owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy …
Microarchitectural Exploration of STT-MRAM Last-level Cache Parameters for Energy-efficient Devices | T Marinelli, JG Pérez, C Tenllado, M Komalan… - ACM Transactions on …, 2022 - dl.acm.org | … The goal of this work is to explore several microarchitectural parameters that may overcome  some of those drawbacks when using STT-MRAM as last-level cache (LLC) in embedded  devices. Such parameters include: number of cache banks, number of miss status handling …
Bonsai Merkle Forests: Efficiently Achieving Crash Consistency in Secure Persistent Memory | A Freij, H Zhou, Y Solihin - … International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Due to its durability, the security of persistent memory (PM) needs to be ensured. Recent  works have identified the requirements for correctly architecting secure PM to achieve crash  recoverability. A key performance bottleneck, however, lies in the integrity tree update, which …
NDS: N-Dimensional Storage | YC Liu, HW Tseng - … /ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Demands for efficient computing among applications that use high-dimensional datasets have led  to multi-dimensional computers—computers that leverage heterogeneous  processors/accelerators offering various processing models to support multi-dimensional compute …
GreenDIMM: OS-assisted DRAM Power Management for DRAM with a Sub-array Granularity Power-Down State | S Lee, KD Kang, H Lee, H Park, Y Son… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Power and energy consumed by DRAM comprising main memory of data-center servers  have increased substantially as the capacity and bandwidth of memory increase. Especially,  the fraction of DRAM background power in DRAM total power is already high, and it will …
Cherivoke: Characterising pointer revocation using cheri capabilities for temporal memory safety | H Xia, J Woodruff, S Ainsworth, NW Filardo… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Future microarchitectures might consider prefetching data for a cache line when CLoadTags  returns a non-zero result from the tag cache. … While page elimination can be modelled  sufficiently on a standard microarchitecture, CLoadTags is difficult to model due to its interaction …
Hybrid buffers based coarse-grained power gated network on chip router microarchitecture | Y Gupta, L Bhargava, A Sharma… - International Journal of …, 2020 - Taylor & Francis | … In this paper, we propose coarse-grained power gated hybrid buffer based Network on  Chip router microarchitecture which a large amount of Network on Chip router power and area  is consumed by the FIFO buffers. State of the art NoC router buffers is composed of SRAM, …
Invisispec: Making speculative execution invisible in the cache hierarchy (corrigendum) | M Yan, J Choi, D Skarlatos, A Morrison… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | InvisiSpec Performance We found a bug in our simulator that causes the simulation to incorrectly  represent the InvisiSpec design described in the MICRO 2018 paper [1]. In InvisiSpec, an  unsafe speculative load (USL) issues an invisible load request (Spec-GetS) to obtain data. …
Toward a microarchitecture for efficient execution of irregular applications | JD Leidel, X Wang, B Williams, Y Chen - ACM Transactions on Parallel …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Given the increasing importance of efficient data-intensive computing, we find that modern  processor designs are not well suited to the irregular memory access patterns often found in  these algorithms. Applications and algorithms that do not exhibit spatial and temporal memory …
DOMIS: Dual-Bank Optimal Micro-Architecture for Iterative Stencils | J Escobedo, M Lin - … of the 2020 ACM/SIGDA International Symposium …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In this paper, we propose an optimal micro-architecture that can be automatically implemented  for simple and iterative stencil computations … We demonstrate the effectiveness of our  micro-architecture by implementing it with a Kintex 7 xc7k160tg676-1 Xilinx FPGA and testing it …
Directed statistical warming through time traveling | N Nikoleris, L Eeckhout, E Hagersten… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … warms up the microarchitecture state by simulating the microarchitecture structures in the  warm-up interval prior to each detailed region, … Moreover, because DSW builds upon a  microarchitectureindependent characteristic, namely reuse distance, warming overhead can be …
A microarchitecture for a superconducting quantum processor | X Fu, MA Rol, CC Bultink, J van Someren… - IEEE Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this article, we present a quantum microarchitecture, QuMA, for a superconducting  quantum processor based on the circuit model that … A previous version of this article appears  in the Proceedings of the 50th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture. …
Emma: Hardware/software attestation framework for embedded systems using electromagnetic signals | N Sehatbakhsh, A Nazari, H Khan, A Zajic… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on  Microarchitecture (MICRO-52), October 12–16, 2019, Columbus, OH, USA. ACM, New York…
Manna: An accelerator for memory-augmented neural networks | JR Stevens, A Ranjan, D Das, B Kaul… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Memory-augmented neural networks (MANNs)--which augment a traditional Deep Neural  Network (DNN) with an external, differentiable memory--are emerging as a promising direction  in machine learning. MANNs have been shown to achieve one-shot learning and complex …
IceClave: A Trusted Execution Environment for In-Storage Computing | L Kang, Y Xue, W Jia, X Wang, J Kim, C Youn… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | In-storage computing with modern solid-state drives (SSDs) enables developers to offload  programs from the host to the SSD. It has been proven to be an effective approach to alleviate  the I/O bottleneck. To facilitate in-storage computing, many frameworks have been proposed…
HiMA: A Fast and Scalable History-based Memory Access Engine for Differentiable Neural Computer | Y Tao, Z Zhang - … /ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium  on Microarchitecture (MICRO ’21), October 18–22, 2021, Virtual Event, Greece. ACM, New …
LATCH: A locality-aware taint checker | D Townley, KN Khasawneh, D Ponomarev… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | We present LATCH (short for Locality-Aware Taint CHecker), a generalizable architecture  for optimizing dynamic information flow tracking (DIFT). LATCH exploits the observation that  information flows under DIFT exhibit strong temporal locality, with typical applications …
Distilling the essence of raw video to reduce memory usage and energy at edge devices | H Zhang, S Zhao, A Pattnaik, MT Kandemir… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Video broadcast and streaming are among the most widely used applications for edge devices.  Roughly 82% of the mobile internet traffic is made up of video data. This is likely to worsen  with the advent of 5G that will open up new opportunities for high resolution videos, virtual …
Nvbit: A dynamic binary instrumentation framework for nvidia gpus | O Villa, M Stephenson, D Nellans… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Binary instrumentation frameworks are widely used to implement profilers, performance  evaluation, error checking, and bug detection tools. While dynamic binary instrumentation tools  such as PIN and DynamoRio are supported on CPUs, GPU architectures currently only have …
EPSim-C: A parallel epoch-based cycle-accurate microarchitecture simulator using cloud computing | M Kim, SW Kim, Y Han - Electronics, 2019 - mdpi.com | … As far as we know, our EPSim-C is the first to accelerate microarchitecture simulations using  … In Section 3, we detail our parallel microarchitecture simulation method using cloud … , we  propose epoch-based parallel microarchitecture simulation in a cloud computing platform that …
AutoFL: Enabling Heterogeneity-Aware Energy Efficient Federated Learning | YG Kim, CJ Wu - … /ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Federated learning enables a cluster of decentralized mobile devices at the edge to  collaboratively train a shared machine learning model, while keeping all the raw training samples  on device. This decentralized training approach is demonstrated as a practical solution to …
SWQUE: A Mode Switching Issue Queue with Priority-Correcting Circular Queue | H Ando - … /ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Simultaneously, the interests of many computer architects have moved from core  microarchitecture toward multicore and uncore architectures. Since then, few studies have  been conducted on core microarchitecture. This academic trend has also made single-thread …
Hybridg: Hybrid dynamic time warping and gaussian distribution model for detecting emerging zero-day microarchitectural side-channel attacks | H Wang, H Sayadi, A Sasan, S Rafatirad… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Nonetheless, existing ML-based SCAs detectors required prior knowledge of attacks  applications to detect the pattern of sidechannel attacks using a variety of microarchitectural  features. In particular, the existing solutions have ignored to address the challenge of detecting …
A scalable decoder micro-architecture for fault-tolerant quantum computing | P Das, CA Pattison, S Manne, D Carmean… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … Finally, we provide numerical evidence that our optimized micro-architecture can be … The  numerical simulation of our optimized micro-architecture (item 5) accounts for the limitation …  Even though we provide a detailed micro-architecture for the Union-Find decoder, the general …
FPGA-accelerated optimistic concurrency control for transactional memory | Z Li, L Liu, Y Deng, J Wang, Z Liu, S Yin… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise… In Proceedings of the 48th International  Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO-48). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 228–241. https://doi.org/…
ADAPT: Mitigating Idling Errors in Qubits via Adaptive Dynamical Decoupling | P Das, S Tannu, S Dangwal, M Qureshi - … /ACM International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | The fidelity of applications on near-term quantum computers is limited by hardware errors. In  addition to errors that occur during gate and measurement operations, a qubit is susceptible  to idling errors, which occur when the qubit is idle and not actively undergoing any …
FIDR: A Scalable Storage System for Fine-Grain Inline Data Reduction with Efficient Memory Handling | M Ajdari, W Lee, P Park, J Kim, J Kim - … /ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In the following sections, we provide the microarchitecture details of FIDR NIC and FIDR  Cache HW Engine. … In Proceedings of the 18th annual ACM/SIGDA international  symposium on Field programmable gate arrays. ACM, 83–92. …
An optimal microarchitecture for stencil computation with data reuse and fine-grained parallelism | Y Chi, P Zhou, J Cong - … the 2018 ACM/SIGDA International Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In this work we adopt data reuse and fine-grained parallelism and present an optimal  microarchitecture for stencil computation. The … microarchitecture, the number of PEs can be  increased to saturate all available off-chip memory bandwidth. We implement this microarchitecture …
An Investigation of Microarchitectural Cache-Based Side-Channel Attacks from a Digital Forensic Perspective: Methods of Exploits and Countermeasures | R Montasari, B Tait, H Jahankhani, F Carroll - Artificial Intelligence in …, 2021 - Springer | … Microarchitectural attacks—the exploit of the microarchitectural behaviour of modern …  This type of attack can exploit microarchitectural performance of processor implementations, …  In: 2014 47th annual IEEE/ACM international symposium on microarchitecture. IEEE, pp 216…
Fpraker: A processing element for accelerating neural network training | OM Awad, M Mahmoud, I Edo, AH Zadeh… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | We present FPRaker, a processing element for composing training accelerators. FPRaker  processes several floating-point multiply-accumulation operations concurrently and accumulates  their result into a higher precision accumulator. FPRaker boosts performance and energy …
Perspectron: Detecting invariant footprints of microarchitectural attacks with perceptron | S Mirbagher-Ajorpaz, G Pokam… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This study systematically investigates the microarchitectural footprints of hardware-based  attacks and shows how they can be detected … correlated microarchitectural statistics to design  a hardware-based neural predictor capable of detecting and classifying microarchitectural …
Ohm-GPU: Integrating New Optical Network and Heterogeneous Memory into GPU Multi-Processors | J Zhang, M Jung - … /ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Traditional graphics processing units (GPUs) suffer from the low memory capacity and demand  for high memory bandwidth. To address these challenges, we propose Ohm-GPU, a new  optical network based heterogeneous memory design for GPUs. Specifically, Ohm-GPU can …
Towards efficient nvdimm-based heterogeneous storage hierarchy management for big data workloads | R Chen, Z Shao, D Liu, Z Feng, T Li - … /ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In this paper, we propose a holistic solution to address several important and challenging  issues in storage data management in light of emerging NVDIMM-based architecture:  namely, new performance modeling, NVDIMM-based migration, and architectural support for …
Partial compilation of variational algorithms for noisy intermediate-scale quantum machines | P Gokhale, Y Ding, T Propson, C Winkler… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Quantum computing is on the cusp of reality with Noisy Intermediate-Scale Quantum (NISQ)  machines currently under development and testing. Some of the most promising algorithms  for these machines are variational algorithms that employ classical optimization coupled with …
A control microarchitecture for fault-tolerant quantum computing | X Fu, L Lao, K Bertels, CG Almudever - Microprocessors and Microsystems, 2019 - Elsevier | … executed by existing quantum control microarchitectures. In this paper, we propose a control  microarchitecture that can efficiently support … It highlights a two-level address mechanism  which enables a clean compilation model for a large number of qubits, and microarchitectural …
DeepHiR: improving high-radix router throughput with deep hybrid memory buffer microarchitecture | C Li, D Dong, X Liao, J Kim, C Kim - … of the ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … By adopting multiple stages networks with intermediate buffers, the hierarchical router  microarchitecture can improve network performance but as we describe in the following section,  limited intermediate buffer can cause performance limitation and increasing intermediate …
Dynamic Multi-Resolution Data Storage | YC Hu, MT Lokhandwala, TI, HW Tseng - … ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Approximate computing that works on less precise data leads to significant performance  gains and energy-cost reductions for compute kernels. However, without leveraging the full-stack  design of computer systems, modern computer architectures undermine the potential of …
EMI architectural model and core hopping | DI Gorman, RT Possignolo, J Renau - … /ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Processors radiate electromagnetic interference (EMI), which affects wireless communication  technologies. However, despite the fact that the EMI generated by a processor is deterministic,  architecturally modeling the EMI has proven to be a complex challenge. Moreover, EMI …
Inspectre: Breaking and fixing microarchitectural vulnerabilities by formal analysis | R Guanciale, M Balliu, M Dam - Proceedings of the 2020 ACM SIGSAC …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … We introduce a Machine Independent Language (MIL) which we use to define the semantics  of microarchitectural features such as OoO and speculative execution. We use MIL as a  form of abstract microcode language: A target language for translating ISA instructions and …
Wire-aware architecture and dataflow for cnn accelerators | S Gudaparthi, S Narayanan… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In spite of several recent advancements, data movement in modern CNN accelerators remains  a significant bottleneck. Architectures like Eyeriss implement large scratchpads within  individual processing elements, while architectures like TPU v1 implement large systolic arrays …
Uncovering In-DRAM RowHammer Protection Mechanisms: A New Methodology, Custom RowHammer Patterns, and Implications | H Hassan, YC Tugrul, JS Kim, V Van der Veen… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | The RowHammer vulnerability in DRAM is a critical threat to system security. To protect  against RowHammer, vendors commit to security-through-obscurity: modern DRAM chips rely  on undocumented, proprietary, on-die mitigations, commonly known as Target Row Refresh (…
Stratus: Clouds with microarchitectural resource management | K Razavi, A Trivedi - 12th {USENIX} Workshop on Hot Topics in Cloud …, 2020 - usenix.org | … of microarchitectural resources across different performance and security boundaries. In this  paper, we introduce Stratus clouds that treat the isolation on microarchitectural … help both  providers and tenants when allocating microarchitectural resources using Stratus’s declarative …
SMART: A Heterogeneous Scratchpad Memory Architecture for Superconductor SFQ-based Systolic CNN Accelerators | F Zokaee, L Jiang - … /ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Ultra-fast & low-power superconductor single-flux-quantum (SFQ)-based CNN systolic  accelerators are built to enhance the CNN inference throughput. However, shift-register (SHIFT)-based  scratchpad memory (SPM) arrays prevent a SFQ CNN accelerator from exceeding 40% …
Intersection Prediction for Accelerated GPU Ray Tracing | L Liu, W Chang, F Demoullin, YH Chou… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise… We build on top of a baseline ray tracing  unit with similar performance to these works and improve it with a microarchitectural technique of …
Demystifying soft error assessment strategies on arm cpus: Microarchitectural fault injection vs. neutron beam experiments | A Chatzidimitriou, P Bodmann… - … /IFIP International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … at different detail levels (architecture, microarchitecture, register-transfer, transistor) has been  … It has been shown that fault injection at the microarchitecture level is a very effective (fast  … By combining beam experiments and microarchitectural fault injection results we provide a …
A case for multi-programming quantum computers | P Das, SS Tannu, PJ Nair, M Qureshi - … /ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Existing and near-term quantum computers face significant reliability challenges because of  high error rates caused by noise. Such machines are operated in the Noisy Intermediate  Scale Quantum (NISQ) model of computing. As NISQ machines exhibit high error-rates, only …
Constructing large, durable and fast SSD system via reprogramming 3D TLC flash memory | C Gao, M Ye, Q Li, CJ Xue, Y Zhang, L Shi… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | NAND flash memory based SSDs have been widely studied and adopted. The scaling of  SSD has evolved from plannar (2D) to 3D stacking. Compared with 2D SSD, 3D SSD stacks  more layers into one block, constructing one block with more flash pages. For reliability and …
Jamais vu: thwarting microarchitectural replay attacks | D Skarlatos, ZN Zhao, R Paccagnella… - … 26th ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In both cases, we assume the attacker can monitor a microarchitectural side channel (eg,  those in Section 2.1). This is easily realized when the attacker has supervisor-level privileges,  as in the original MRA paper for the SGX setting [50]. It is also possible, subject to OS …
Stealthminer: Specialized time series machine learning for run-time stealthy malware detection based on microarchitectural features | H Sayadi, Y Gao, H Mohammadi Makrani… - … Lakes Symposium on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … patterns of malicious applications based on microarchitectural features captured by modern  … HPC features combine benign and malware microarchitectural events together. To address  … instructions feature, the most prominent microarchitectural feature. The results indicate that …
Aging Relaxation at Microarchitecture Level Using Special NOPs | S Tan, M Tahoori, T Kim, S Wang, Z Sun… - Long-Term Reliability of …, 2019 - Springer | … , we introduce the NBTI model and the microarchitecture of the processor (MIPS) that is  used as the case study. The proposed MAR NOP selection methodology is … Fortes, NBTI  tolerant microarchitecture design in the presence of process variation, in 2008 41st IEEE/ACM …
JigSaw: Boosting Fidelity of NISQ Programs via Measurement Subsetting | P Das, S Tannu, M Qureshi - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO ’21), October  18–22, 2021, Virtual Event, Greece. ACM, New … Copyrights for components of this work owned  by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, …
EDEN: Enabling energy-efficient, high-performance deep neural network inference using approximate DRAM | S Koppula, L Orosa, AG Yağlıkçı, R Azizi… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The effectiveness of deep neural networks (DNN) in vision, speech, and language processing  has prompted a tremendous demand for energy-efficient high-performance DNN inference  systems. Due to the increasing memory intensity of most DNN workloads, main memory can …
Software prefetching for indirect memory accesses: a microarchitectural perspective | S Ainsworth, TM Jones - ACM Transactions on Computer Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … However, we show the microarchitectural impact on the efficacy of software prefetching is  important: Integer Sort gains a 7X improvement on an Intel Xeon Phi machine but negligible  speedup on an ARM Cortex-A57. In contrast, Chen et al. [9] insert prefetches for database hash …
Exploiting process similarity of 3d flash memory for high performance ssds | Y Shim, M Kim, M Chun, J Park, Y Kim… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | 3D NAND flash memory exhibits two contrasting process characteristics from its manufacturing  process. While process variability between different horizontal layers are well known,  little has been systematically investigated about strong process similarity (PS) within the …
Neuron-level fuzzy memoization in rnns | F Silfa, G Dot, JM Arnau, A Gonzàlez - … /ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) are a key technology for applications such as automatic  speech recognition or machine translation. Unlike conventional feed-forward DNNs, RNNs  remember past information to improve the accuracy of future predictions and, therefore, they …
OrderLight: Lightweight Memory-Ordering Primitive for Efficient Fine-Grained PIM Computations | A Nag, R Balasubramonian - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on … The GPU  micro-architecture and the memory parameters assumed in this work are summarized in Table 1. …
Vortex risc-v gpgpu system: Extending the isa, synthesizing the microarchitecture, and modeling the software stack | F Elsabbagh, B Asgari, H Kim, S Yalamanchili - 2019 - carrv.github.io | … to reduce the microarchitecture and software design complexity without sacri cing functionality  or exibility. (see Section 3). • Microarchitecture … The microarchitecture implementation has  already been synthesized on Arria 10 FPGA with an fmax ranging from 340 MHz to 90 MHz …
Session details: Session 2B: Energy Efficiency & Low Power | E Ozer - … /ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Session details: Session 2B: Energy Efficiency & Low Power | MICRO-54: 54th Annual IEEE/ACM  International Symposium on Microarchitecture ACM Digital Library home … Search ACM  Digital Library …
Virtual Platform to Analyze the Security of a System on Chip at Microarchitectural Level | Q Forcioli, JL Danger, C Maurice… - … Symposium on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To tackle the security analysis of processors and SoC against microarchitectural attacks, we  propose to investigate a novel method that … , and the ability to provide accurate information  to observe the microarchitecture behavior and perpetrate attacks. Another interest is the possi…
Unifying Performance and Security Evaluation for Microarchitecture Design Exploration | G Knipe - 2021 - repository.library.northeastern.edu | … This thesis presents Yori, a RISC-V microarchitecture simulator that aims to enable  computer architects to evaluate microarchitecture … As Yori is a work-in-progress, this thesis  presents the work-to-date, focusing on a detailed model of the reference microarchitecture and …
ExtraTime: Modeling and Analysis of Transistor Aging at Microarchitecture-Level | S Tan, M Tahoori, T Kim, S Wang, Z Sun… - Long-Term Reliability of …, 2019 - Springer | … of different microarchitectural blocks is used by our microarchitectural aging models … at  microarchitecture-level, this chapter presented a novel microarchitectural framework ExtraTime  and its integrated tool set containing a performance simulator combined with microarchitectural …
Pythia: A customizable hardware prefetching framework using online reinforcement learning | R Bera, K Kanellopoulos, A Nori, T Shahroodi… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In MICRO-54: 54th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO  ’21), October 18–22, 2021, Virtual Event, Greece. ACM, New … Request permissions from  permissions@acm.org. MICRO ’21, October 18–22, 2021, Virtual Event, Greece …
Session details: Session 8B: Sparse Processing | T Nowatzki - … /ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Session details: Session 8B: Sparse Processing | MICRO-54: 54th Annual IEEE/ACM  International Symposium on Microarchitecture ACM Digital Library home … Search ACM  Digital Library …
Session details: Session 2A: Non-Volatile Memory | X Hu - … /ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Session details: Session 2A: Non-Volatile Memory | MICRO-54: 54th Annual IEEE/ACM  International Symposium on Microarchitecture ACM Digital Library home … Search ACM  Digital Library …
IRONHIDE: A secure multicore that efficiently mitigates microarchitecture state attacks for interactive applications | H Omar, O Khan - 2020 IEEE International Symposium on High …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … microarchitecture state attacks. State-of-the-art secure processors, such as MI6 adopt Intel’s  SGX enclave execution model. MI6 architects strong isolation by statically isolating shared  memory state, and purging the microarchitecture … incurring the microarchitecture state purging …
Charon: Specialized near-memory processing architecture for clearing dead objects in memory | J Jang, J Heo, Y Lee, J Won, S Kim, SJ Jung… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Garbage collection (GC) is a standard feature for high productivity programming, saving a  programmer from many nasty memory-related bugs. However, these productivity benefits come  with a cost in terms of application throughput, worst-case latency, and energy consumption. …
Phased-guard: Multi-phase machine learning framework for detection and identification of zero-day microarchitectural side-channel attacks | H Wang, H Sayadi, G Kolhe, A Sasan… - … 38th International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … using the most prominent microarchitectural features. To this aim, we first preprocess the  collected microarchitectural data with Dynamic Time … A detailed comparison of Phased-Guard  with prior microarchitectural side-channel attack detection techniques are listed in Table I. The …
SWAP: Synchronized weaving of adjacent packets for network deadlock resolution | M Parasar, NE Jerger, PV Gratz, JS Miguel… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To … 4.3 Router microarchitecture … shows the microarchitecture  of the SWAP router. We show a mesh router for simplicity, though the same idea works for a …
A Hardware Accelerator for Protocol Buffers | S Karandikar, C Leary, C Kennelly, J Zhao… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Serialization frameworks are a fundamental component of scale-out systems, but introduce  significant compute overheads. However, they are amenable to acceleration with specialized  hardware. To understand the trade-offs involved in architecting such an accelerator, we …
Session details: Session 4B: Accelerators I | S Ghose - … /ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Session details: Session 4B: Accelerators I | MICRO-54: 54th Annual IEEE/ACM International  Symposium on Microarchitecture ACM Digital Library home … Search ACM Digital Library …
Computing with time: microarchitectural weird machines | D Evtyushkin, T Benjamin, J Elwell, JA Eitel… - … 26th ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In this paper we establish a new type of WM implemented using microarchitectural (MA) …  We believe that any microarchitectural covert or side channel can be abstracted as a WR …  In Proceedings of the 2007 international symposium on Software testing and analysis. 196–…
Session details: Session 6A: Reliabiity & Verification | A Awad - … /ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Session details: Session 6A: Reliabiity & Verification | MICRO-54: 54th Annual IEEE/ACM  International Symposium on Microarchitecture ACM Digital Library home … Search ACM  Digital Library …
Session details: Session 1: Best Paper Session | C Wilkerson - … /ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Session details: Session 1: Best Paper Session | MICRO-54: 54th Annual IEEE/ACM  International Symposium on Microarchitecture ACM Digital Library home … Search ACM  Digital Library …
Smash: Co-designing software compression and hardware-accelerated indexing for efficient sparse matrix operations | K Kanellopoulos, N Vijaykumar, C Giannoula… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Important workloads, such as machine learning and graph analytics applications, heavily  involve sparse linear algebra operations. These operations use sparse matrix compression as  an effective means to avoid storing zeros and performing unnecessary computation on zero …
Extensor: An accelerator for sparse tensor algebra | K Hegde, H Asghari-Moghaddam, M Pellauer… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Generalized tensor algebra is a prime candidate for acceleration via customized ASICs. Modern  tensors feature a wide range of data sparsity, with the density of non-zero elements ranging  from 10-6% to 50%. This paper proposes a novel approach to accelerate tensor kernels …
Tigris: Architecture and algorithms for 3d perception in point clouds | T Xu, B Tian, Y Zhu - … ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | ABSTRACT Machine perception applications are increasingly moving toward manipulating  and processing 3D point cloud. This paper focuses on point cloud registration, a key primitive  of 3D data processing widely used in high-level tasks such as odometry, simultaneous …
Hybrid Memory Buffer Microarchitecture for High-radix Routers | C Li, D Dong, X Liao, J Kim - IEEE Transactions on Computers, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We introduce architecture of DeepHiR in Section 4 and present microarchitecture of ElasHiR  … old microarchitecture (proposed over 10 years ago), similar router microarchitecture has …  Figure 2(b) presents the microarchitecture of the baseline hierarchical highradix router and …
Accelerating Fully Homomorphic Encryption Through Microarchitecture-Aware Analysis and Optimization | W Jung, E Lee, S Kim, N Kim, K Lee… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … First, by applying a series of microarchitecture-aware optimizations, AVX-MT achieves 41.1×  speedup, compared to the single-thread Ref (see … From the Top-down microarchitecture  analysis [13] on CRT and iCRT using the Intel VTune profiler [6], we observed that the portion of …
… (NoCArc 2018) held on October 20, 2018, in conjunction with the 51st Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO-51), October … | MA Ebrahimi, KCJ Chen - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The papers in this volume form the proceedings of the 11th IEEE/ACM International  Workshop on Network on Chip Architectures (NoCArc 2018) held on October 20, 2018, in  conjunction with the 51st Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO-51) …
Checkmate: Automated synthesis of hardware exploits and security litmus tests | C Trippel, D Lustig, M Martonosi - … International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … microarchitectural state. In this paper, we present CheckMate, a rigorous approach and  automated tool for determining if a microarchitecture is … of hardware execution events when  programs run on a microarchitecture. CheckMate extends μhb graphs to facilitate modeling of …
A Deeper Look into RowHammer's Sensitivities: Experimental Analysis of Real DRAM Chips and Implications on Future Attacks and Defenses | L Orosa, AG Yaglikci, H Luo, A Olgun, J Park… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | RowHammer is a circuit-level DRAM vulnerability where repeatedly accessing (ie, hammering)  a DRAM row can cause bit flips in physically nearby rows. The RowHammer vulnerability  worsens as DRAM cell size and cell-to-cell spacing shrink. Recent studies demonstrate that …
A first-order approximation of microarchitecture energy-efficiency | A Yasin, Y Ben-Asher - Proceedings of the 18th International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … technology: By uarch, we refer to microarchitectural changes that may impact the  performance profile of a workload; ie, a change that affects the five Bottlenecks. By technology,  we refer to the remaining design changes, primarily, but not limited to, process technology. For …
Enabling microarchitectural randomization in serialized AES implementations to mitigate side channel susceptibility | SN Dhanuskodi, D Holcomb - … Symposium on VLSI (ISVLSI), 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this work, we give a general technique for employing microarchitectural randomization  of sub-round AES implementations. The significant contributions of this paper are as follows:  • We present a novel low-cost microarchitectural technique that enables randomization in the …
RiSA: A Reinforced Systolic Array for Depthwise Convolutions and Embedded Tensor Reshaping | H Cho - ACM Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Depthwise convolutions are widely used in convolutional neural networks (CNNs) targeting  mobile and embedded systems. Depthwise convolution layers reduce the computation loads  and the number of parameters compared to the conventional convolution layers. Many deep …
exLCL for defense against spectre attacks | W Shaoqing, Z Youjian - Journal of Tsinghua University …, 2021 - jst.tsinghuajournals.com | … The attacker leaks secret data by exploiting the indelible micro-architecture (such as cache)  state changes left by speculative execution commands combined with the cache side channels.  This paper first describes the instruction execution process of the spectre attack, presents …
Noema: Hardware-Efficient Template Matching for Neural Population Pattern Detection | AMS Abdelhadi, E Sha, C Bannon… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Repeating patterns of activity across neurons is thought to be key to understanding how the  brain represents, reacts, and learns. Advances in imaging and electrophysiology allow us to  observe activities of groups of neurons in real-time, with ever increasing detail. Detecting …
Modern hardware margins: CPUs, GPUs, FPGAs recent system-level studies | D Gizopoulos, G Papadimitriou… - … 25th International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We perform the analysis at the single-core level to study the impact of individual  microarchitectural component and then enlarge the analysis the scope to the entire processor level  to study the inter-core voltage interference. Single-Core: We leverage the linear property of the …
Speculation invariance (invarspec): Faster safe execution through program analysis | ZN Zhao, H Ji, M Yan, J Yu, CW Fletcher… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … At runtime, the InvarSpec micro-architecture loads this information and uses it to identify when  … micro-architecture that uses this information at runtime. To evaluate InvarSpec, we apply  its analysis pass on the SPEC17 and SPEC06 programs and model its microarchitecture in a …
Chirp: Control-flow history reuse prediction | S Mirbagher-Ajorpaz, E Garza, G Pokam… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Translation Lookaside Buffers (TLBs) play a critical role in hardware-supported memory  virtualization. To speed up address translation and reduce costly page table walks, TLBs cache  a small number of recently-used virtual-to-physical address translations. TLBs must make the …
A Ring Router Microarchitecture for NoCs | WT Wu - arXiv preprint arXiv:2007.02242, 2020 - arxiv.org | … on the conventional router microarchitecture. We propose a novel router microarchitecture that  treats the router itself as a small network of … In this work, we propose a novel router  microarchitecture that is tailored for 2D mesh networks, which is amicable for the prevailing planar …
Difftune: Optimizing cpu simulator parameters with learned differentiable surrogates | A Renda, Y Chen, C Mendis… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Using DiffTune, we are able to learn the entire set of 11265 microarchitecture-specific …  but this behavior is disabled by default in the Intel microarchitectures evaluated in this paper. …  For each microarchitecture, we learn the parameters specified in Table II. Following the …
Evolution of the samsung exynos cpu microarchitecture | B Grayson, J Rupley, GZ Zuraski… - … Annual International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … aspects of the microarchitecture of these cores - specifically perceptron-based branch  prediction, Spectre v2 security enhancements, micro-operation cache algorithms, prefetcher  advancements, and memory latency optimizations. Each micro-architecture item evolved over time…
Beyond Cache Attacks: Exploiting the Bus-based Communication Structure for Powerful On-Chip Microarchitectural Attacks | J Sepúlveda, M Gross, A Zankl, G Sigl - ACM Transactions on Embedded …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … The source of these side-channels often lies in shared resources and the microarchitectural  organization of the MPSoC. In particular, cache hierarchies are a common target for  microarchitectural attacks. In general, caches are shared resources designed to speedup the …
Design and Implementation of Argo NI-NoC Micro-architecture for MPSoC Using GALS Architecture | HR Shashidhara, SN Prasad, BL Prabhudeva… - Emerging Trends in …, 2020 - Springer | … The two main contribution of area efficient are (i) The TDM schedule with combined  asynchronous router and (ii) The micro-architecture of NIs. In … In: Proceedings of the 11th IEEE  international symposium of the asynchronous circuits system (ASYNC), pp 44–53Google Scholar …
Binary star: Coordinated reliability in heterogeneous memory systems for high performance and scalability | X Liu, D Roberts, R Ausavarungnirun, O Mutlu… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | As memory capacity scales, traditional cache and memory hierarchy designs are facing  increasingly difficult challenges in ensuring high reliability with low storage and performance  cost. Recent developments in 3D die-stacked DRAM caches and nonvolatile memories (…
FlexLearn: fast and highly efficient brain simulations using flexible on-chip learning | E Baek, H Lee, Y Kim, J Kim - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | To understand how the human brain works, neuroscientists heavily rely on brain simulations  which incorporate the concept of time to their operating model. In the simulations, neurons  transmit their signals through synapses whose weights change over time and by the activity of …
In-register parameter caching for dynamic neural nets with virtual persistent processor specialization | F Khorasani, HA Esfeden… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Our experiments on a Volta micro-architecture shows that, unlike the most competitive  solutions, VPPS shows excellent performance even in small batch sizes and delivers up to  6x speedup on training dynamic nets. Index Terms—GPU, Deep Learning, Neural Network, …
Gencache: Leveraging in-cache operators for efficient sequence alignment | A Nag, CN Ramachandra, R Balasubramonian… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Precision Medicine will rely on frequent genomic analysis, especially for patients undergoing  cancer treatments or suffering from rare diseases. Sequence alignment is invoked in multiple  stages of the genomic analysis pipeline. Recent projects have introduced accelerators, …
I-spy: Context-driven conditional instruction prefetching with coalescing | TA Khan, A Sriraman, J Devietti… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Modern data center applications have rapidly expanding instruction footprints that lead to  frequent instruction cache misses, increasing cost and degrading data center performance  and energy efficiency. Mitigating instruction cache misses is challenging since existing …
Nemesis: Studying microarchitectural timing leaks in rudimentary CPU interrupt logic | J Van Bulck, F Piessens, R Strackx - Proceedings of the 2018 ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … microarchitectural interactions. We present Nemesis, a previously overlooked side-channel  attack vector that abuses the CPU’s interrupt mechanism to leak microarchitectural … At its  core, Nemesis abuses the same subtle microarchitectural behavior that enables Meltdown, ie, …
Optimized quantum compilation for near-term algorithms with openpulse | P Gokhale, A Javadi-Abhari, N Earnest… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Quantum computers are traditionally operated by programmers at the granularity of a gate-based  instruction set. However, the actual device-level control of a quantum computer is performed  via analog pulses. We introduce a compiler that exploits direct control at this …
MLIP Cores: Designing Hardware Generators with Programmable Microarchitectural Mechanisms | A Antonov, P Kustarev… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … associated with certain microarchitectural templates [14]. Each MLIP core exposes selective  functions of microarchitecture for custom … reflect execution units and their interactions  inside the hardware microarchitecture. MLIP core incorporates custom rules for integration of …
Secure Cryptography Integration: NoC-Based Microarchitectural Attacks and Countermeasures | J Sepúlveda - Network-on-Chip Security and Privacy, 2021 - books.google.com | … The behavior exhibited by such components varies according to their microarchitectural  organization and the data that is being processed, … In addition the NoC microarchitecture can  be used to perform illegal monitoring; and/or (2) identify vulnerable operation points to trigger …
UBERNoC: Unified buffer power-efficient router for network-on-chip | H Farrokhbakht, H Kao, NE Jerger - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … 2) simplified router microarchitectures. Maintaining the performance and the flexibility of  the network are key challenges that have not yet been addressed by these two groups of low-power  architectures. In this paper, we propose UBERNoC, a simplified router microarchitecture, …
A reconfigurable accelerator for sparse convolutional neural networks | W You, C Wu - … of the 2019 ACM/SIGDA International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Convolutional Neural Networks | Proceedings of the 2019 ACM/SIGDA International Symposium  on Field-Programmable Gate Arrays ACM Digital Library home … FPGA '19: Proceedings  of the 2019 ACM/SIGDA International Symposium on Field-Programmable Gate Arrays …
Graph processing and machine learning architectures with emerging memory technologies: a survey | X Qian - Science China Information Sciences, 2021 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 46th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on  Microarchitecture… of the 42nd Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on  Microarchitecture, 2009. 14–23 … In: Proceedings of the 49th Annual IEEE/ACM …
PUSh: Data Race Detection Based on Hardware-Supported Prevention of Unintended Sharing | D Zhou, Y Tamir - … /ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO-52), October  12–16, 2019, Columbus, OH, USA. ACM, New York… Copyrights for components of this work  owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy …
Efficient Management of Scratch-Pad Memories in Deep Learning Accelerators | S Pal, S Venkataramani, V Srinivasan… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | A prevalent challenge for Deep Learning (DL) accelerators is how they are programmed to  sustain utilization without impacting end-user productivity. Little prior effort has been devoted  to the effective management of their on-chip Scratch-Pad Memory (SPM) across the DL …
PermDNN: Efficient compressed DNN architecture with permuted diagonal matrices | C Deng, S Liao, Y Xie, KK Parhi… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep neural network (DNN) has emerged as the most important and popular artificial  intelligent (AI) technique. The growth of model size poses a key energy efficiency challenge  for the underlying computing platform. Thus, model compression becomes a crucial problem. …
Stitch-x: An accelerator architecture for exploiting unstructured sparsity in deep neural networks | CE Lee, YS Shao, JF Zhang, A Parashar, J Emer… - SysML …, 2018 - mlsys.org | … in Proceedings of the 2010 43rd Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture,  IEEE Computer Society, 2010. … programs,” in Proceedings of the 2012 45th Annual  IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, MICRO-45, 2012. [29] H. Sharma, J. …
Understanding MPSoCs: exploiting memory microarchitectural vulnerabilities of high performance NoC-based MPSoCs | J Sepulveda, C Reinbrecht, SP Azad… - … of the 18th International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … The focus of this work is to study the impact of the memory organization on the  microarchitectural NoC timing attacks. This work uses Bonfire Network on Chip framework [1].  The targeted NoC has a 2D mesh topology where each tile of the network consists of a wormhole …
Casa: End-to-end quantitative security analysis of randomly mapped caches | T Bourgeat, J Drean, Y Yang, L Tsai… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Instead, we broaden the analysis of micro-architecture side channels by providing an overall  view of the communication process. This allows us to identify the existence of other  communication steps that can also affect the security of randomly mapped caches, but have been …
Predictive Warp Scheduling for Efficient Execution in GPGPU | A Anand, W Thomas, S Toraskar, V Singh - … on Great Lakes Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … In Proceedings of the 26th annual  international symposium on Computer architecture. 42–53. [19] Myung Kuk Yoon, Keunsoo Kim, …
Scope: A stochastic computing engine for dram-based in-situ accelerator | S Li, AO Glova, X Hu, P Gu, D Niu… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Memory-centric architecture, which bridges the gap between compute and memory, is considered  as a promising solution to tackle the memory wall and the power wall. Such architecture  integrates the computing logic and the memory resources close to each other, in order to …
Post-silicon microarchitecture (psm) implementation of checkpointed early load retirement (clear) | U Mathur - 2019 - search.proquest.com | … Microarchitecture (PSM) refers to instantiating new or uncommercialized microarchitectures  on … be used as a PSM substrate which instantiates these microarchitectures. PSM is all about  … PSM interface that the processor needs to support to enable PSM CLEAR microarchitecture. …
Understanding microarchitectural effects on the performance of parallel applications | C Bruns, S Touati - The 2020 International Conference on High …, 2021 - hal.inria.fr | … We consequently need to take microarchitectural features into account when trying to  understand the performance of parallel applications. … Based on the gained data, we analyze  different classes of microarchitectural effects in CMPs in Section 4, including their characteristic …
DegradeTimer: Mitigating Dedicated Thread Timer based Microarchitectural Timing Channels | Z Lv, Y Zhao, C Zhang - ICC 2020-2020 IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Microarchitectural timing channels, eg, timingbased side channels or covert channels,  endanger victims’ data confidentiality by accurately measuring the time difference of accessing  shared microarchitectural … strong security guarantee against microarchitectural timing channels. …
MASCAT: preventing microarchitectural attacks before distribution | G Irazoqui, T Eisenbarth, B Sunar - Proceedings of the Eighth ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … The importance factor of each characteristic is configurable to either detect all or a specific  subset of microarchitectural attacks. Further, … do not contain microarchitectural attacks. In fact,  they can use MASCAT to detect the presence of microarchitectural attack characteristics, and …
Microarchitectural simulator for shader cores in a modern GPU simulation infrastructure | D Joseph - 2019 - upcommons.upc.edu | … The objective of this project is to redesign the shader cores in TEAPOT to match the  contemporary microarchitecture of shader cores. The register file was changed and a banking  mechanism used. A new stage named ‘Operand Collector’ was added in order to buffer …
Comprehensive evaluation of machine learning countermeasures for detecting microarchitectural side-channel attacks | H Wang, H Sayadi, A Sasan, S Rafatirad… - … Lakes Symposium on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … -channel attack detection based on low-level microarchitectural features. For this purpose,  the vic… We further explore the HPCs monitoring overhead when microarchitectural features  are … to identify the most efficient ML classifiers for real-time microarchitectural SCAs detection. …
Specializing Coherence, Consistency, and Push/Pull for GPU Graph Analytics | G Salvador, WH Darvin, M Huzaifa… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This work explores the interaction of three communication-centric design dimensions for  graph workloads on emerging integrated CPU-GPU systems: update propagation with and  without fine-grained synchronization (push vs. pull), emerging coherence protocols (GPU vs. …
Understanding the future of energy efficiency in multi-module gpus | A Arunkumar, E Bolotin, D Nellans… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Being decoupled from granular GPU microarchitectural details, the framework is appropriate  for energy efficiency studies in future GPUs. … Furthermore, neither inter-module interconnect  energy, nor GPM microarchitectural design is expected to play a key role in this regard. We …
SuperNPU: An extremely fast neural processing unit using superconducting logic devices | K Ishida, I Byun, I Nagaoka, K Fukumitsu… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … is promising for this technology, (2) how to implement various microarchitectural units with  the voltage pulse-driven logics, (3) how to … a conventional NPU and present the basic  structure with carefully designed microarchitectural units. For instance, we design our baseline …
MicroScope: Enabling Microarchitectural Replay A acks | D Skarlatos, M Yan, B Gopireddy, R Sprabery… - 2019 - cwfletcher.net | … , this paper introduces Microarchitectural Replay Attacks, which enable the SGX adversary to  denoise (nearly) any microarchitectural side channel … (4) We discuss the broader implications  of microarchitectural replay attacks, and discuss di erent attack vectors beyond denoising …
FineReg: Fine-grained register file management for augmenting GPU throughput | Y Oh, MK Yoon, WJ Song… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Graphics processing units (GPUs) include a large amount of hardware resources for parallel  thread executions. However, the resources are not fully utilized during runtime, and observed  throughput often falls far below the peak performance. A major cause is that GPUs cannot …
Conditional speculation: An effective approach to safeguard out-of-order execution against spectre attacks | P Li, L Zhao, R Hou, L Zhang… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To strike a balance between security, performance and transparency, it is essential to innovate  the microarchitecture design to safeguard the … This paper focuses on the microarchitecture  design innovations against the major variants of Spectre (Spectre-V1, V2, V4 and …
The architectural implications of facebook's dnn-based personalized recommendation | U Gupta, CJ Wu, X Wang, M Naumov… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … These configurations determine compute density, storage requirements, and memory access  patterns, which may lead to different system and microarchitecture optimizations. Second,  the models consume the 65% of inference cycles in Facebook’s data centers (Figure 1). …
Fault-tolerant last level cache architecture design at near-threshold voltage | W LIU, Z WEI, G CAO, W WANG - 电子与信息学报, 2018 - jeit.ac.cn | … Proceedings of the 40th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture,  Chicago, 2007: 3-14. doi: 10.1109/MICRO. … Proceedings of the 42nd Annual IEEE/ACM  International Symposium on Microarchitecture, New York, 2010: 469-480. doi: 10.1145/ …
Persist level parallelism: Streamlining integrity tree updates for secure persistent memory | A Freij, S Yuan, H Zhou, Y Solihin - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Emerging non-volatile main memory (NVMM) is rapidly being integrated into computer  systems. However, NVMM is vulnerable to potential data remanence and replay attacks.  Memory encryption and integrity verification have been introduced to protect against such data …
A Computational Efficient Architecture for Extremely Sparse Stereo Network | T Huang, SS Wu, J Klopp, PH Yu… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | CNN-based stereo matching methods achieve great performance but come with high  computational requirements. Pruning a CNN can reduce the complexity but may in turn lead  to memory conflicts, lowering throughput. Our proposed architecture and memory mapping …
Poster Paper Impact Of Software Stack Version On Micro-architecture | S Choudhury, S Chundury, S Kalambur… - … ACM/SPEC International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Companion of the 2019 ACM/SPEC International Conference on Performance Engineering:  Poster Paper Impact Of Software Stack Versio … Poster Paper Impact Of Software Stack  Version On Micro-architecture. In Tenth ACM/SPEC International Conference on Per- …
Optimizing GPU cache policies for MI workloads | J Alsop, MD Sinclair, S Bharadwaj… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Motivated by these results, we model and evaluate three microarchitectural optimizations  which work together to mitigate the caching inefficiencies encountered by MI workloads. The  first optimization avoids blocking for cache allocation, which reduces cache stalls. The second …
A Survey of Non-Volatile Main Memory Technologies: State-of-the-Arts, Practices, and Future Directions | HK Liu, D Chen, H Jin, XF Liao, B He, K Hu… - Journal of Computer …, 2021 - Springer | … ZSim: Fast and accurate microarchitectural simulation of thousand-core systems. In Proc.  the 40th Annual International Symposium on Computer … the 44th Annual IEEE/ACM  International Symposium on Microarchitecture, December 2011, pp.454-464. https://doi.org/10.1145/…
FIGARO: Improving system performance via fine-grained In-DRAM data relocation and caching | Y Wang, L Orosa, X Peng, Y Guo… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Main memory, composed of DRAM, is a performance bottleneck for many applications, due to  the high DRAM access latency. In-DRAM caches work to mitigate this latency by augmenting  regular-latency DRAM with small-but-fast regions of DRAM that serve as a cache for the …
HyperPlane: A Scalable Low-Latency Notification Accelerator for Software Data Planes | A Mirhosseini, H Golestani… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The two key components of HyperPlane’s microarchitecture back-end are a monitoring set  and … Next, we describe the design and detailed microarchitecture of HyperPlane (Sections III  and … We will later explore the detailed microarchitectural implementation of these components. …
Energy-efficient computing-in-memory architecture for AI processor: device, circuit, architecture perspective | L Chang, C Li, Z Zhang, J Xiao, Q Liu, Z Zhu… - Science China …, 2021 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 53rd Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture  (… In: Proceedings of the 51st Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture  (… Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO), 2020. 88–101 …
Predicting Execution Times With Partial Simulations in Virtual Memory Research: Why and How | M Agbarya, I Yaniv, J Gandhi… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We apply Mosalloc on a set of memory-intensive workloads running on different Intel  microarchitectures and obtain multiple new data points. Using … of Mosmodel in predicting the  performance benefits from 1GB pages, which exist in all Intel microarchitectures since Westmere. …
Sonicboom: The 3rd generation berkeley out-of-order machine | J Zhao, B Korpan, A Gonzalez… - Fourth Workshop on …, 2020 - people.eecs.berkeley.edu | … cases in the microarchitecture. Specifically, we introduce additional logic to detect short-forwards  in fetched instructions, and decode them into internal “set-flag” and “conditionalexecute”  micro-ops. This is similar to the predication support in the IBM Power8 microarchitecture [25]…
Accelerating convolutional neural networks on FPGAs | L LU, S ZHENG, Q XIAO, D CHEN… - SCIENTIA SINICA …, 2019 - engine.scichina.com | In recent years, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have become widely adopted for  computer vision tasks. FPGAs have been adequately explored as a promising hardware  accelerator for CNNs owing to their high performance, energy efficiency, and reconfigurability. …
Leveraging Existing Microarchitectural Structures to Improve First-Level Caching Efficiency | R Alves - 2019 - diva-portal.org | … 29th International Symposium on Computer Architecture and High Performance Computing,  IEEE Computer Society, 2017, p. 49-56… 29th International Symposium on Computer  Architecture and High Performance Computing SBAC-PAD, 2017, October 17–20, Campinas, …
Seeds of SEED: Preventing Priority Inversion in Instruction Scheduling to Disrupt Speculative Interference | C Sakalis, M Själander, S Kaxiras - … International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … the microarchitectural state of the processor in a way that is dependent on the value of the  secret. In turn, the receiver, which is executed outside the speculative domain, can perceive  these microarchitectural … microarchitectural state being used as the communication channel. …
DRLPart: A Deep Reinforcement Learning Framework for Optimally Efficient and Robust Resource Partitioning on Commodity Servers | R Chen, J Wu, H Shi, Y Li, X Liu, G Wang - … International Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is  permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on servers or to redistribute to lists,  requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. …
Seeds of SEED: H2Cache: Building a Hybrid Randomized Cache Hierarchy for Mitigating Cache Side-Channel Attacks | X Zhang, Z Yuan, R Chang… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … But their efficacy still relies on the underlying hardware micro-architecture. In contrast,  hardware-based defense mechanisms change the micro-architecture implementation, and thus  solve the problem from the basis. In particular, the cache randomization scheme has emerged …
Building the computing system for autonomous micromobility vehicles: Design constraints and architectural optimizations | B Yu, W Hu, L Xu, J Tang, S Liu… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents the computing system design in our commercial autonomous vehicles,  and provides a detailed performance, energy, and cost analyses. Drawing from our  commercial deployment experience, this paper has two objectives. First, we highlight design …
FReaC cache: folded-logic reconfigurable computing in the last level cache | A Dhar, X Wang, H Franke, J Xiong… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The need for higher energy efficiency has resulted in the proliferation of accelerators across  platforms, with custom and reconfigurable accelerators adopted in both edge devices and  cloud servers. However, existing solutions fall short in providing accelerators with low-latency, …
Wpc: Whole-picture workload characterization across intermediate representation, isa, and microarchitecture | L Wang, X Xiong, J Zhan, W Gao, X Wen… - IEEE Computer …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … At the microarchitecture level, we analyze an instruction stream on a specific processor  microarchitecture. It uses a Perf performance monitoring unit (PMU) tool to obtain microarchitecture  behaviors through accessing hardware performance counters. Compared to the two levels …
Comprehensive evaluation of supply voltage underscaling in fpga on-chip memories | B Salami, OS Unsal… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this work, we evaluate aggressive undervolting, ie, voltage scaling below the nominal level  to reduce the energy consumption of Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs). Usually,  voltage guardbands are added by chip vendors to ensure the worst-case process and …
(Almost) Fence-less Persist Ordering | SM Shahri, SAV Ghahani, A Kolli - … International Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The semantics and implementation of a memory persistency model can significantly impact  the performance achieved on persistent memory systems. The only commercially available  and widely used x86 persistency model causes significant performance losses by requiring …
Voltage-stacked gpus: A control theory driven cross-layer solution for practical voltage stacking in gpus | A Zou, J Leng, X He, Y Zu, CD Gill… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | More than 20% of the available energy is lost in "the last centimeter" from the PCB board to  the microprocessor chip due to inherent inefficiencies of power delivery subsystems (PDSs)  in today's computing systems. By series-stacking multiple voltage domains to eliminate …
Emprof: Memory profiling via em-emanation in iot and hand-held devices | M Dey, A Nazari, A Zajic… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents EMPROF, a new method for profiling the performance impact of the  memory subsystem without any support on, or interference with, the profiled system. Rather  than rely on hardware support and/or software instrumentation on the profiled system, EMPROF …
MicroStache: a lightweight execution context for in-process safe region isolation | L Mogosanu, A Rane, N Dautenhahn - International Symposium on …, 2018 - Springer | … Unlike alternative hardware, MicroStache implements a simple microarchitectural memory  segmentation scheme while integrating it with … Furthermore, we extend the MicroStache  abstraction into the microarchitecture to provide static cache separation and special mechanisms …
Attache: Towards ideal memory compression by mitigating metadata bandwidth overheads | S Hong, PJ Nair, B Abali… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Memory systems are becoming bandwidth constrained and data compression is seen as a  simple technique to increase their effective bandwidth. However, data compression requires  accessing Metadata which incurs additional bandwidth overheads. Even after using a …
Horus: A modular GPU emulator framework | AS Elhelw, S Pai - 2020 IEEE International Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Graphics Processing Units (GPUs) are widely used to run general-purpose computing workloads.  Three approaches currently exist to observe the dynamic behaviour of these workloads:  real hardware, architectural simulators, and functional simulators (or emulators). However, …
New models for understanding and reasoning about speculative execution attacks | Z He, G Hu, R Lee - 2021 IEEE International Symposium on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … All of these attacks leverage the speculative execution feature of modern processors,  transferring the security-critical information to micro-architecture state observable by an  unprivileged attacker through a covert channel. Unfortunately, while new attack variants are …
Need for Speed: Experiences Building a Trustworthy System-Level GPU Simulator | O Villa, D Lustig, Z Yan, E Bolotin, Y Fu… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … a corner case performance optimization within the GPU’s microarchitecture. When fixing and  improving these components improves NVAS’ … In other cases, if we root cause the issue to  a more obscure microarchitectural detail or optimization that does not affect the overall trends, …
Cambricon-S: Addressing irregularity in sparse neural networks through a cooperative software/hardware approach | X Zhou, Z Du, Q Guo, S Liu, C Liu… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Neural networks have become the dominant algorithms rapidly as they achieve state-of-the-art  performance in a broad range of applications such as image recognition, speech recognition  and natural language processing. However, neural networks keep moving towards …
Compresso: Pragmatic main memory compression | E Choukse, M Erez… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Today, larger memory capacity and higher memory bandwidth are required for better  performance and energy efficiency for many important client and datacenter applications.  Hardware memory compression provides a promising direction to achieve this without increasing …
Efficient invisible speculative execution through selective delay and value prediction | C Sakalis, S Kaxiras, A Ros… - … Annual International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … microarchitectural state-changes caused by speculative execution in the memory hierarchy. It  is based on the observation that if we only allow accesses that hit in the L1 data cache to  proceed, then we can easily hide any microarchitectural … prevent observable microarchitectural …
Functional and Non-Functional Properties of NVRAM for Embedded Systems: An Analysis and Discussion | H Hofmeier, S Reif, T Langer, L Lawniczak, T Hönig… - betriebssysteme.org | … In Proceedings of the ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Low Power Electronics and  Design (ISLPED … In Proceedings of the IEEE International Symposium on High Performance  Computer … In Proceedings of the IEEE International Symposium on High Performance Computer …
GraphPulse: An Event-Driven Hardware Accelerator for Asynchronous Graph Processing | S Rahman, N Abu-Ghazaleh… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Graph processing workloads are memory intensive with irregular access patterns and large  memory footprint resulting in low data locality. Their popular software implementations typically  employ either Push or Pull style propagation of changes through the graph over multiple …
Look-up table based energy efficient processing in cache support for neural network acceleration | AK Ramanathan, GS Kalsi, S Srinivasa… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents a Look-Up Table (LUT) based Processing-In-Memory (PIM) technique with  the potential for running Neural Network inference tasks. We implement a bitline computing  free technique to avoid frequent bitline accesses to the cache sub-arrays and thereby …
Multilayer ROP Protection via Microarchitectural Units Available in Commodity Hardware | M Tymburibá, HA de Sousa… - … IEEE/IFIP International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We argue that modern versions of x86 processors already provide the microarchitectural  units necessary to implement our technique. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our multilayer  protection on a extensive suite of benchmarks, which includes: SPEC CPU2006; the three …
Improving the performance and endurance of encrypted non-volatile main memory through deduplicating writes | P Zuo, Y Hua, M Zhao, W Zhou… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Non-volatile memory (NVM) technologies are considered as promising candidates of the  next-generation main memory. However, the non-volatility of NVMs leads to new security  vulnerabilities. For example, it is not difficult to access sensitive data stored on stolen NVMs. …
Efficient Split Counter Mode Encryption for NVM | Q Pei, S Shin - 2021 IEEE International Symposium on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Emerging non-volatile memory technology enables non-volatile main memory (NVMM) that  can provide larger capacity and better energy-saving opportunities than DRAMs. However,  its non-volatility raises security concerns, where the data in NVMMs can be taken if the …
Analysis and characterization of ultra low power branch predictors | A Chatzidimitriou, G Papadimitriou… - … 36th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Microarchitecture-level modeling In this study, we use Gem5 [17], a full-system  microarchitecture-level simulator to model a system with an independent voltage domain dedicated  to the branch predictors. Gem5 offers an out-of-order CPU core with detailed description of several …
Breaking the memory-wall for AI: In-memory compute, HBMs or both? | K Prasad - 2019 - kailashprasad.com | … Proceedings of the 50th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture.  ACM, 2017. 4. Seshadri, Vivek, et al. … Proceedings of the 46th Annual IEEE/ACM  International Symposium on Microarchitecture. …
An abstract semantics of speculative execution for reasoning about security vulnerabilities | RJ Colvin, K Winter - International Symposium on Formal Methods, 2019 - Springer | … increasingly difficult due to the complexity of modern microarchitectural features such as out-of-…  detail to enable specification of the relevant microarchitectural features. We add an abstract  … In that sense our model of the cache is an abstraction of the underlying microarchitecture …
eQASM: An executable quantum instruction set architecture | X Fu, L Riesebos, MA Rol, J Van Straten… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … By analyzing the constraints in the control microarchitecture, we found that existing quantum  assembly languages are either too high-level … (QISA) design may suffer from limited scalability  and flexibility because of microarchitectural constraints. It is an open challenge to design a …
AQUOMAN: An Analytic-Query Offloading Machine | S Xu, T Bourgeat, T Huang, H Kim… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … AQUOMAN, a novel microarchitecture for an in-storage accelerator capable of stream  processing a Table Task which is a static dataflow … It is followed by the detailed microarchitecture  (Section VI) and implementation of AQUOMAN (Section VII). We evaluate the performance …
Re-establishing Fetch-Directed Instruction Prefetching: An Industry Perspective | Y Ishii, J Lee, K Nathella… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper presents a detailed FDP microarchitecture and evaluates two improvements,  better branch history management and post-fetch correction. Our mechanism provides a  41.0% speedup over the baseline (no prefetching, no FDP) with only 195 bytes of hardware …
Approximate nanophotonic interconnects | J Lee, C Killian, SL Beux, D Chillet - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … A transmission model allows estimating the laser power according to the targeted BER  and a micro-architecture allows configuring, at run-time, the number of approximated bits and  the laser output powers. Simulations results show that, compared to an interconnect involving …
Vr-dann: Real-time video recognition via decoder-assisted neural network acceleration | Z Song, F Wu, X Liu, J Ke, N Jing… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We also propose the corresponding microarchitecture design, which can be built upon any  existing commercial IPs with minimal hardware overhead but significant speedup. Our  experimental results show that the VR-DANN-parallel architecture achieves 2.9× performance …
Composable building blocks to open up processor design | S Zhang, A Wright, T Bourgeat… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present a framework called Composable Modular Design (CMD) to facilitate the design  of out-of-order (OOO) processors. In CMD, (1) The interface methods of modules provide  instantaneous access and perform atomic updates to the state elements inside the module; (2) …
Beyond the memory wall: A case for memory-centric hpc system for deep learning | Y Kwon, M Rhu - … International Symposium on Microarchitecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | As the models and the datasets to train deep learning (DL) models scale, system architects  are faced with new challenges, one of which is the memory capacity bottleneck, where the  limited physical memory inside the accelerator device constrains the algorithm that can be …
Smaug: End-to-end full-stack simulation infrastructure for deep learning workloads | S Xi, Y Yao, K Bhardwaj, P Whatmough… - ACM Transactions on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Figure 8 shows the baseline SoC used in this article, with microarchitectural parameters  listed in Table 2. In gem5-Aladdin, we use syscall-emulation mode with Ruby to model a MESI  coherency protocol. The CPU communicates with the accelerator either via the ioctl system …
MICRO 2018 | K Inoue, M Oskin - computer.org | … welcome all of you to the 51st A,nnual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on ,Microarchitecture  (MICRO51), Fuk,uoka, Japan. MICRO is … ,innovative microarchitecture ideas and techniques  for advanced ,computing and communication systems. This ,symposium brings together …
An analysis to improve branch prediction accuracy by using neural branch prediction | SR Peram, K Sudhakar - 2018 - academia.edu | … microarchitectural execution imperatives. With regards to an unfathomable equipment also,  … for microarchitectural usage by obliging the state utilized by the admired indicator and  utilizing ahead-pipelining to relieve its idleness. Utilizing a cycle-exact microarchitectural test …
STONNE: Enabling Cycle-Level Microarchitectural Simulation for DNN Inference Accelerators | F Muñoz-Martínez, JL Abellán… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To this end, we present STONNE (Simulation TOol of Neural Network Engines), a cycle-level  microarchitectural simulation framework that can plug into any high-level DNN framework  as an accelerator device and perform full-model evaluation (ie we are able to simulate real, …
SoK: Hardware Defenses Against Speculative Execution Attacks | G Hu, Z He, RB Lee - … International Symposium on Secure and …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … An Out-of-Order (OoO) processor is a microarchitecture performance enhancement feature  used … Instructions are fetched and decoded to microarchitecturelevel operations (denoted  μop’s) in … An important microarchitecture structure, that we will refer to in discussing hardware …
Locality-centric data and threadblock management for massive GPUs | M Khairy, V Nikiforov, D Nellans… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recent work has shown that building GPUs with hundreds of SMs in a single monolithic chip  will not be practical due to slowing growth in transistor density, low chip yields, and photoreticle  limitations. To maintain performance scalability, proposals exist to aggregate discrete …
COBRA: A Framework for Evaluating Compositions of Hardware Branch Predictors | J Zhao, A Gonzalez, A Amid… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present COBRA, a framework which enables a realistic hardware-guided methodology for  evaluating compositions of hardware branch predictors. COBRA provides a common interface  for developing RTL implementations of predictor subcomponents, as well as a predictor …
Boosting Microprocessor Efficiency: Circuit-and Workload-Aware Assessment of Timing Errors | I Tsiokanos, G Papadimitriou… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … the circuit-level through the microarchitecture up to the application software. The proposed  microarchitectureaware tool is able to realistically … We also leverage microarchitectural error  injection to access the timing error reliability of a widely deployed pipelined processor under …
AWB-GCN: A graph convolutional network accelerator with runtime workload rebalancing | T Geng, A Li, R Shi, C Wu, T Wang, Y Li… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep learning systems have been successfully applied to Euclidean data such as images,  video, and audio. In many applications, however, information and their relationships are better  expressed with graphs. Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) appear to be a promising …
Adaptive voltage/frequency scaling and core allocation for balanced energy and performance on multicore CPUs | G Papadimitriou, A Chatzidimitriou… - … IEEE international …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … [24] DM Brooks et al., “Power-aware microarchitecture: Design and modeling challenges for  next-generation microprocessors,” IEEE Micro… age emergencies,” in Proceedings of the 2007  international symposium on Low power electronics and design - ISLPED 2007, ACM Press, …
PiCL: A software-transparent, persistent cache log for nonvolatile main memory | TM Nguyen, D Wentzlaff - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Software-transparent crash consistency is a promising direction to immediately reap the  benefits of nonvolatile main memory (NVMM) without encumbering programmers with error-prone  transactional semantics. Unfortunately, proposed hardware write-ahead logging (WAL) …
Non-blocking simultaneous multithreading: Embracing the resiliency of deep neural networks | G Shomron, U Weiser - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … of the current state of microarchitecture. By completely avoiding stalls, we enable an SMT  implementation in DNN hardware architectures. … And finally, we present the microarchitecture  of SySMT — an OS-SA NB-SMT which employs output sharing. Throughout this paper we …
Investigating the Use of the Store-Buffer as a Filter-Cache | R Alves, A Ros, S Kaxiras, D Black-Schaffer - 2018 - microarch.org | Long latency stores can have a significant impact in performance by delaying the committing  of instructions and putting pressure on CPU resources. This problem is exacerbated on  architectures with TSO (Total Store Order) memory ordering, since a long latency store at the …
Lergan: A zero-free, low data movement and pim-based gan architecture | H Mao, M Song, T Li, Y Dai… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | As a powerful unsupervised learning method, Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) plays  an important role in many domains such as video prediction and autonomous driving. It is one  of the ten breakthrough technologies in 2018 reported in MIT Technology Review. However…
A buffer address scheduling method for general CNN accelerator | WU Lei, WEI Zi-han, Z Wei-gong, W Jing… - 微电子学与 …, 2020 - journalmc.com | Aiming at the problem of data access conflicts caused by multiple neural network parameters  and high computational complexity, this paper proposes a buffer address scheduling  method for general CNN accelerator. The on-chip buffer is flexibly scheduled in the address …
Enhancing server efficiency in the face of killer microseconds | A Mirhosseini, A Sriraman… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We compare a Duplexity dyad to a variety of alternative core microarchitectures. Our  performance density and energy efficiency studies pair each core alternative with a  throughput-oriented HSMT core (configured to match Duplexity’s lender-core) for a fair throughput …
Optimal partitioning of LLC in CAT-enabled CPUs to prevent side-channel attacks | U Fiore, A Florea, A Gellert, L Vintan… - International Symposium …, 2018 - Springer | … Over the last years, timing channels that exploit resources shared at the microarchitectural  level have attracted a lot of attention. The majority of such side-channel attacks target CPU  caches. Cache-based side-channel attacks are based on monitoring cache accesses …
A survey of microarchitectural timing attacks and countermeasures on contemporary hardware | Q Ge, Y Yarom, D Cock, G Heiser - Journal of Cryptographic Engineering, 2018 - Springer | … Microarchitectural timing channels expose hidden hardware states though timing. We  survey recent attacks that exploit microarchitectural features in shared hardware, especially as  they are relevant for cloud computing. We classify types of attacks according to a taxonomy of …
Counterminer: Mining big performance data from hardware counters | Y Lv, B Sun, Q Luo, J Wang, Z Yu… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Modern processors typically provide a small number of hardware performance counters to  capture a large number of microarchitecture events. These counters can easily generate a  huge amount (eg, GB or TB per day) of data, which we call big performance data in cloud …
Chameleon: A dynamically reconfigurable heterogeneous memory system | JB Kotra, H Zhang, AR Alameldeen… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Modern computing systems and applications have growing demand for memories with higher  bandwidth. This demand can be alleviated using fast, large on-die or die-stacked memories.  They are typically used with traditional DRAM as part of a heterogeneous memory system …
Matraptor: A sparse-sparse matrix multiplication accelerator based on row-wise product | N Srivastava, H Jin, J Liu, D Albonesi… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Sparse-sparse matrix multiplication (SpGEMM) is a computation kernel widely used in numerous  application domains such as data analytics, graph processing, and scientific computing. In  this work we propose MatRaptor, a novel SpGEMM accelerator that is high performance …
Tailored page sizes | F Guvenilir, YN Patt - … 47th Annual International Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … • We define the microarchitectural changes necessary to facilitate virtual-to-physical address  translation of the newly-supported page sizes. This includes changes to the hardware page  walking mechanism, and a straightforward L1 TLB enhancement to support fast translations. …
Approximate hardware techniques for energy-quality scaling across the system | Y Kim, J San Miguel, S Behroozi, T Chen… - 2020 International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | For error-resilient applications, such as machine learning and signal processing, a significant  improvement in energy efficiency can be achieved by relaxing exactness constraint on output  quality. This paper presents a taxonomy of hardware techniques to exploit the trade-off …
Characterizing and modeling non-volatile memory systems | Z Wang, X Liu, J Yang, T Michailidis… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , we propose a framework that characterizes and models Optane DIMM’s microarchitecture.  Our framework consists of a Low-level profilEr … NVRAM microarchitectures. Based on LENS  characterization, we develop VANS, which models the sophisticated microarchitecture design …
Specrop: Speculative exploitation of {ROP} chains | A Bhattacharyya, A Sánchez, EM Koruyeh… - 23rd International …, 2020 - usenix.org | … 2.2 Microarchitectural Side-channels Microarchitectural side-channels are data channels  on a processor which leverage state stored in microarchitectural structures, such as the cache  or branch predictors, to transfer information. As opposed to a covert-channel, the transmitter …
Trends and Opportunities for SRAM Based In-Memory and Near-Memory Computation | S Srinivasa, AK Ramanathan… - … 22nd International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 5.2 Microarchitecture This section describes the Microarchitecture, memory and near  memory logic requirements for the design. Figure 6 shows the simplified microarchitecture  with the SRAM memory divided into three sub regions and a CAM memory to store the sparse …
Farewell my shared LLC! A case for private die-stacked DRAM caches for servers | A Shahab, M Zhu, A Margaritov… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The slowdown in technology scaling mandates rethinking of conventional CPU architectures  in a quest for higher performance and new capabilities. This work takes a step in this direction  by questioning the value of on-chip shared last-level caches (LLCs) in server processors …
Composite-ISA cores: enabling multi-ISA heterogeneity using a single ISA | A Venkat, H Basavaraj… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Additionally, some take advantage of microarchitectural heterogeneity by combining large  high-… specialization by synergistically combining microarchitectural heterogeneity with ISA …  pronounced in scenarios where microarchitectural heterogeneity alone provides diminishing …
Memory system design for ultra low power, computationally error resilient processor microarchitectures | S Srikanth, PG Rabbat, ER Hein, B Deng… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper makes the following contributions: 1) Extends an RRNS microarchitecture - one  that is capable of reliably functioning with ultra-low energy logic devices that operate near  the kT thermal noise floor at tens of millivolts - to support efficient memory hierarchy access. …
Do not predict–Recompute! How value recomputation can truly boost the performance of invisible speculation | C Sakalis, ZI Chowdhury, S Wadle… - 2021 International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … target program are concerned, this type of information leakage through microarchitectural  (µ-architectural) state and structures is not illegal … The stealthy nature of a speculative side-channel  attack is based on microarchitectural state being changed by misspeculation even when …
Prediction of Register Instance Usage and Time-sharing Register for Extended Register Reuse Scheme | S Zhou, H Wang, D Tong - 2021 26th Asia and South Pacific …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Register renaming is the key for the performance of out-of-order processors. However, the  release mechanism of the physical register may cause a waste from time dimension. The  register reuse technique is the earliest solution to release a physical register at renaming stage, …
Stream Floating: Enabling Proactive and Decentralized Cache Optimizations | Z Wang, J Weng, J Lowe-Power, J Gaur… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this section, we develop the detailed microarchitecture and policies for transparently  supporting stream floating. Figure 8 overviews the stream floating system. In addition to the core  stream engine (SEcore), we add a “stream engine” to the L2 and L3 cache levels (SEL2, SEL3…
Applying Microarchitectural Prediction to Improve Performance and Security | S Mirbagher Ajorpaz - 2019 - oaktrust.library.tamu.edu | … show that microarchitectural prediction can be applied to processors to improve performance  and security. Therfore, the central thesis of this dissertation is this: Despite the complexity of  modern superscaler processors and speculative execution attacks, future microarchitectural …
A noise-resilient detection method against advanced cache timing channel attack | H Fang, SS Dayapule, F Yao… - 2018 52nd Asilomar …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—Recent researches show that computers which are physically shared by multiple  users are vulnerable to microarchitecture-… , the microarchitecture covert and side channels  are still potential security harzard for information leakage. Among all microarchitecture covert …
Gcnax: A flexible and energy-efficient accelerator for graph convolutional neural networks | J Li, A Louri, A Karanth… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We also build a cycle-accurate simulator that models the microarchitectural behavior of  each module while supporting different dataflows. Evaluated on five real-world graph datasets,  our simulation results show that GCNAX reduces DRAM accesses by a factor of 8.1 x and 2.4x …
QEI: Query Acceleration Can be Generic and Efficient in the Cloud | Y Yuan, Y Wang, R Wang… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We depict QEi microarchitecture in Fig. 5 and describe Qe i’s three main components. …  hardware mechanisms in the core without significant changes in their microarchitecture. Since Qe  i … ,” in Proceedings of the 2010 43rd IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture …
Enabling design space exploration for risc-v secure compute environments | A Akram, V Akella, S Peisert, J Lowe-Power - 2021 - escholarship.org | … As the community has recently seen, the microarchitectural implementation affects both  performance and security [5, 9, 11]. To co-design the hardware and software security platforms,  we need a microarchitectural simulation infrastructure which can be used to evaluate both …
Exploring and optimizing chipkill-correct for persistent memory based on high-density nvrams | D Zhang, V Sridharan, X Jian - … /ACM International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Emerging high-density non-volatile random access memories (NVRAMs) can significantly  enhance server main memory by providing both higher memory density and fast persistent  memory. An unique design requirement for server main memory is strong reliability because …
Chasing Carbon: The Elusive Environmental Footprint of Computing | U Gupta, YG Kim, S Lee, J Tse, HHS Lee… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Given recent algorithm, software, and hardware innovation, computing has enabled a  plethora of new applications. As computing becomes increasingly ubiquitous, however, so  does its environmental impact. This paper brings the issue to the attention of computer-systems …
BasicBlocker: ISA Redesign to Make Spectre-Immune CPUs Faster | JP Thoma, J Feldtkeller, M Krausz, T Güneysu… - 24th International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Recent research has revealed an ever-growing class of microarchitectural attacks that exploit  speculative execution, a standard feature in modern processors. Proposed and deployed  countermeasures involve a variety of compiler updates, firmware updates, and hardware …
Towards efficient microarchitectural design for accelerating unsupervised gan-based deep learning | M Song, J Zhang, H Chen, T Li - … IEEE International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We then propose a novel time multiplexed design to efficiently map the abundant computing  phases to our microarchitecture. Moreover, we design high efficiency dataflows to achieve  high data reuse and skip the zero operand multiplications in the non traditional convolutions. …
Protecting GPU's Microarchitectural Vulnerabilities via Effective Selective Hardening | JER Condia, P Rech, FF dos Santos… - … 27th International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper proposes an effective microarchitectural selective hardening of GPU modules to  mitigate those faults that affect instructions correct execution. We first characterize, through  Register-Transfer Level (RTL) fault injections, the architectural vulnerabilities of a GPU model (…
Freeway: Maximizing MLP for slice-out-of-order execution | R Kumar, M Alipour… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … For a deeper understanding of the microarchitectural bottlenecks limiting MLP extraction in  LSC, we examine the stall sources afflicting the B-IQ and categorize them as follows: • Slice  Dependence Stalls: A dependent slice at the B-IQ head is waiting for its producer to receive …
DepGraph: A Dependency-Driven Accelerator for Efficient Iterative Graph Processing | Y Zhang, X Liao, H Jin, L He, B He… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Specifically, we propose an effective dependency-driven asynchronous execution approach  into novel microarchitecture designs for faster state propagations. DepGraph prefetches the  vertices for the core on-the-fly along the dependency chains between their states and the …
R3-DLA (reduce, reuse, recycle): A more efficient approach to decoupled look-ahead architectures | S Kondguli, M Huang - 2019 IEEE International Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … compare it to that of the underlying microarchitecture and that enhanced by our baseline DLA.  … All performance results are normalized to the microarchitecture with BOP, which represents  … performance compared to the underlying microarchitecture with an advanced prefetcher. …
SiMul: An algorithm-driven approximate multiplier design for machine learning | Z Liu, A Yazdanbakhsh, T Park, H Esmaeilzadeh… - IEEE Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The need to support various machine learning (ML) algorithms on energy-constrained  computing devices has steadily grown. In this article, we propose an approximate multiplier,  which is a key hardware component in various ML accelerators. Dubbed SiMul, our approximate …
Mlpat: A power area timing modeling framework for machine learning accelerators | T Tang, Y Xie - Proc. DOSSA Workshop, 2018 - prism.sejong.ac.kr | This paper introduces MLPAT, an integrated power, area, and timing modeling framework  for machine learning accelerators. MLPAT has accurate modeling results, with overall area  and power estimation errors below 10% when validated against TPU-v1 [1] published data. …
Serving dnns in real time at datacenter scale with project brainwave | E Chung, J Fowers, K Ovtcharov, M Papamichael… - iEEE Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The Brainwave NPU’s microarchitecture is adaptable in both numerical precision and  supported operators and scalable across three … We then describe the soft NPU architecture,  its microarchitecture, and implementation. Finally, we describe how Brainwave is used within …
Efficient hardware-assisted logging with asynchronous and direct-update for persistent memory | J Jeong, CH Park, J Huh… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Supporting atomic durability in emerging persistent memory requires data consistency across  potential system failures. For atomic durability support in the non-volatile memory, the  traditional write-ahead log (WAL) technique has been employed to guarantee the persistency of …
A programmable architecture for robot motion planning acceleration | S Murray, W Floyd-Jones, G Konidaris… - … IEEE 30th International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … • We develop the microarchitecture of a novel collision detection accelerator that is fully  retargetable. • We present the microarchitecture of … Our motion planning accelerator  microarchitecture can perform collision detection and calculate a path in less than 3 microseconds, …
Top Picks in Computer Architecture from Conferences in 2018 | S Dwarkadas - IEEE Micro, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … from the specification of its stable states and for the automated all-program verification of  axiomatic microarchitectural memory ordering … Gupta, “PipeProof: Automated memory  consistency proofs for microarchitectural specifications,” in Proc. 51st Annu. IEEE/ ACM Int. Symp. …
Modern Hardware Margins: CPUs, GPUs, FPGAs | D Gizopoulos, G Papadimitriou, A Chatzidimitriou… - projects.iq.harvard.edu | … We perform the analysis at the single-core level to study the impact of individual  microarchitectural component and then enlarge the analysis … Kim, and LK John, “Automated di/dt  stressmark generation for microprocessor power delivery networks”, in International Symposium on …
Diffy: A Déjà vu-free differential deep neural network accelerator | M Mahmoud, K Siu, A Moshovos - … International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We show that Deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) implementations of computational  imaging tasks exhibit spatially correlated values. We exploit this correlation to reduce the  amount of computation, communication, and storage needed to execute such CNNs by …
Analysis and optimization of the memory hierarchy for graph processing workloads | A Basak, S Li, X Hu, SM Oh, X Xie… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, at the microarchitecture level, performance is bounded by the inefficiencies in the  memory subsystem for single-machine in-memory graph analytics. This paper consists of two  contributions in which we analyze and optimize the memory hierarchy for graph processing …
Evaluation of Machine Learning-based Detection against Side-Channel Attacks on Autonomous Vehicle | H Wang, S Salehi, H Sayadi, A Sasan… - … 3rd International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To demonstrate the effectiveness of ML-based detectors against SCAs on autonomous  computing platforms, we build our ML-based detectors with microarchitectural events captured  with Perf tool [24] and evaluate its detection accuracy, robustness, and computation efficiency. …
A survey of operating system support for persistent memory | M Cai, H Huang - Frontiers of Computer Science, 2021 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of International Symposium on On-Line Testing and Robust System Design.  … In: Proceedings of the 38th International Symposium on Computer Architecture. 2011, 69–…  In: Proceedings of International Symposium on Performance Analysis of Systems & Software. …
Bayesian models for early cross-layer reliability analysis and design space exploration | A Vallero, A Savino, A Carelli… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … At the architecture/micro architecture level, solutions such as parity, Error Correcting Codes (ECC)  [12], Triple Modular Redundancy (TMR) [… On average it is 68% faster than full microarchitecture  level fault injection and two orders of magnitude faster than RTL fault injection while …
D-SOAP: Dynamic Spatial Orientation Affinity Prediction for Caching in Multi-Orientation Memory Systems | MJ Liao, J Sampson - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Previous works have shown the possibility of constructing row-column and multi-stride  memory systems that can exploit simultaneously dense access along multiple logical data  orientations to offer more than 3x speedups on some workloads. However, existing multi-orientation …
Decoupled Address Translation for Heterogeneous Memory Systems | B Kim, S Hwang, S Cha, CH Park, J Park… - … of the ACM International …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … of the 2014 47th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture. 1–12. …  In Proceedings of the 2017 44th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Computer …  of the 2014 47th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture. 13–24. …
Optimal Partitioning of LLC in CAT-enabled CPUs to Prevent Side-Channel Attacks | P Zanetti - … Safety and Security: 10th International Symposium …, 2018 - books.google.com | … Over the last years, timing channels that exploit resources shared at the microarchitectural  level have attracted a lot of attention. The majority of such side-channel attacks target CPU  caches. Cachebased side-channel attacks are based on monitoring cache accesses performed …
Quantify the performance overheads of pmdk | W Wang, S Diestelhorst - Proceedings of the International Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 50th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture  (MICRO-50 ’17). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 178–190. [8] Tiancong Wang, … In Proceedings  of the 50th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO-50 ’17). …
Rppm: Rapid performance prediction of multithreaded workloads on multicore processors | S De Pestel, S Van den Steen, S Akram… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … With this mind, we now provide a brief background on microarchitecture-independent  analytical performance modeling for single-threaded applications, which we build upon to model  per-thread performance in RPPM; we refer the reader to [37] for a more elaborate exposition of …
Data motif-based proxy benchmarks for big data and AI workloads | W Gao, J Zhan, L Wang, C Luo, Z Jia… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … times on real systems while maintaining the average system and micro-architecture  performance data accuracy above 90%, even changing the … We evaluate the accuracy of proxy  benchmarks from system and micro-architecture perspectives, using all metrics listed in Table V. …
Custom Data Prefetchers Evaluated on a Post-Silicon-Microarchitecture-Enabled Superscalar Processor | SP Bhawalkar - 2020 - search.proquest.com | … Many thanks to Chanchal Kumar for introducing me to this novel project of Post-Silicon  Microarchitecture and guiding me during the course … Thanks also to all the current and former  members of our research group that worked towards the Post-Silicon Microarchitecture project. I …
A microbenchmark to study gpu performance models | V Volkov - ACM SIGPLAN Notices, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Basic microarchitectural features of NVIDIA GPUs have been stable for a decade, and many  analytic solutions were proposed to model their performance. We present a way to review,  systematize, and evaluate these approaches by using a microbenchmark. In this manner, we …
Opportunistic compression for direct-mapped DRAM caches | AR Alameldeen, R Agarwal - … of the International Symposium on Memory …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Large off-chip DRAM caches offer performance and bandwidth improvements for many  systems by bridging the gap between on-chip last level caches and off-chip memories. To  avoid the high hit latency resulting from serial DRAM accesses for tags and data, prior work …
Autonomous data-race-free GPU testing | T Ta, X Zhang, A Gutierrez… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The framework does not model microarchitectural details of GPU cores. Instead, it  randomly generates and sends streams of memory accesses including loads, stores, atomics,  and memory synchronization requests through memory ports as a proxy GPU device. Fig. …
An Information-leakage Threat Case for Multi-core Neural Network Processor | C GAO, W CHEN, Y WANG - Journal of Cyber Security, 2020 - engine.scichina.com | … 2017 ACM/IEEE 44th Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA) ,  2017… 2016 ACM/IEEE 43rd Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA)  , 2016… the 23rd international conference on Machine learning(ICML) , 2006: 369-376. Google …
Comprehensive regression-based model to predict performance of general-purpose graphics processing unit | MH Shafiabadi, H Pedram, M Reshadi, A Reza - Cluster Computing, 2020 - Springer | … and power superscalar microprocessors in the microarchitecture level. Extracted model  is … In this study, regression coefficients for superscalar microarchitecture parameters are …  independent micro-architecture. They claim that the regression model has been improved by: …
SeedEx: A Genome Sequencing Accelerator for Optimal Alignments in Subminimal Space | D Fujiki, S Wu, N Ozog, K Goliya… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Innovations in genome sequencing techniques are enabling remarkably fast and low cost  production of raw genome data. As Moore's law tapers off, bottlenecks in genome sequencing  are shifting to computational resources for mapping reads to reference DNA. This paper …
A locality-aware energy-efficient accelerator for graph mining applications | P Yao, L Zheng, Z Zeng, Y Huang, C Gui… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Graph mining is becoming increasingly important due to the ever-increasing demands on  analyzing complex structures in graphs. Existing graph accelerators typically hold most of the  randomly-accessed data in an on-chip memory to avoid off-chip communications. However, …
WIR: Warp instruction reuse to minimize repeated computations in GPUs | K Kim, WW Ro - … International Symposium on High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We will discuss microarchitectural techniques to efficiently perform the reuse operations.  We also extend the proposed warp instruction … MICROARCHITECTURE Figure 5 shows a  modified GPU pipeline with three new stages for warp instruction reuse. Each subsection …
RpStacks-MT: a high-throughput design evaluation methodology for multi-core processors | H Jang, JE Jo, J Lee, J Kim - … /ACM International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Computer architects put significant efforts on the design space exploration of a new processor,  as it determines the overall characteristics (eg, performance, power, cost) of the final product.  To thoroughly explore the space and achieve the best results, they need high design …
NeuroMeter: An Integrated Power, Area, and Timing Modeling Framework for Machine Learning Accelerators Industry Track Paper | T Tang, S Li, L Nai, N Jouppi… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | As Machine Learning (ML) becomes pervasive in the era of artificial intelligence, ML  specific tools and frameworks are required for architectural research. This paper introduces  NeuroMeter, an integrated power, area, and timing modeling framework for ML accelerators. …
XDN: towards efficient inference of residual neural networks on cambricon chips | G Li, X Wang, X Ma, L Liu, X Feng - International Symposium on …, 2019 - Springer | In this paper, we present XDN, an optimization and inference engine for accelerating residual  neural networks on Cambricon chips. We leverage a channel pruning method to compress  the weights of ResNet-50. By exploring the optimization opportunities in computational …
Error correlation prediction in lockstep processors for safety-critical systems | E Ozer, B Venu, X Iturbe, S Das… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents a new phenomenon called error correlation prediction for lockstep  processors. Lockstep processors run the same copy of a program, and their outputs are compared  at every cycle to detect divergence, and have been popular in safety-critical systems. When …
Securing Data Where It Makes Sense: In-Memory Encryption | T Yalcin - International Journal of Information Security Science, 2020 - ijiss.org | Memory encryption has been an active research area in the recent decade. While the initial  focus was on securing data in pervasive applications, recent efforts by Intel and AMD has  brought memory encryption to general purpose processors as well. This has been mainly due to …
Mitigating voltage drop in resistive memories by dynamic reset voltage regulation and partition reset | F Zokaee, L Jiang - 2020 IEEE International Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we propose two array micro-architecture level techniques, dynamic RESET  voltage regulation (DRVR) and partition RESET (PR), to mitigate voltage drop … In this paper,  we propose array micro-architecture techniques to mitigate voltage drop in ReRAM CP arrays. …
A systematic methodology for characterizing scalability of dnn accelerators using scale-sim | A Samajdar, JM Joseph, Y Zhu… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The current differences seen across published accelerator microarchitectures today mainly  lie in the memory hierarchy [12], [16]–[18], [20] … The compute microarchitecture comprises  several Multiply-and-Accumulate (MAC) units (also known as Processing Elements, or PEs), …
Post-Moore Datacenter Server Architecture | B Falsafi - Multi-Processor System-on-Chip 2: Applications, 2021 - books.google.com | … 2017) exhibits an algorithm/microarchitecture co-design for Spark in-memory analytic  operators. Figure 6.4 shows a log scale of speedup for a simple scan, sort, groupby and join, the  … A custom microarchitecture for streaming with wide SIMD units increases the speedup to 50x. …
Adapt-NoC: A Flexible Network-on-Chip Design for Heterogeneous Manycore Architectures | H Zheng, K Wang, A Louri - … IEEE International Symposium on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … ings of IEEE/ACM International conference on Computer-aided design … IEEE international  symposium on performance analysis of systems and … In Proceedings of the IEEE/ACM  international symposium on Low power electronics and design (ISLPED), pages 32-37, 2004. …
MDACache: Caching for multi-dimensional-access memories | S George, MJ Liao, H Jiang, JB Kotra… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | For several emerging memory technologies, a natural formulation of memory arrays (cross-point)  provides nearly symmetric access costs along multiple (eg, both row and column)  dimensions in contrast to the row-oriented nature of most DRAM and SRAM implementations, …
Hardware/software obfuscation against timing side-channel attack on a GPU | E Karimi, Y Fei, D Kaeli - 2020 IEEE International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, our attack model is a coalescing attack, which leverages a critical GPU  microarchitectural feature - the coalescing unit. As multiple concurrent GPU memory requests  can refer to the same cache block, the coalescing unit collapses them into a single memory …
Survey of microarchitectural side and covert channels, attacks, and defenses | J Szefer - Journal of Hardware and Systems Security, 2019 - Springer | … processor’s microarchitectural functional units which make the channels possible, presents  an analysis and categorization of the variety of microarchitectural side and … In: Proceedings  of the international symposium on high performance computer architecture. IEEE, pp 639–650 …
Runtime Adaptability: The Key for Improving Parallel Applications | AF Lorenzon, ACS Beck Filho - Parallel Computing Hits the Power Wall, 2019 - Springer | … However, typical instruction streams have only a limited amount of parallelism [122],  resulting in considerable efforts to design a microarchitecture that will bring only marginal  performance gains with very significant area/power overhead. Even if one considers a perfect …
Perceptron-based prefetch filtering | E Bhatia, G Chacon, S Pugsley, E Teran… - … Annual International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Single-core performance: For single-core simulations, we use the first 200 million instructions  to warm-up the microarchitectural structures and the next one billion instructions to do detailed  simulations and collect run-time statistics. We report the IPC speedup over the baseline …
Prefetch-guard: Leveraging hardware prefetches to defend against cache timing channels | H Fang, SS Dayapule, F Yao… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Cache timing channels are a form of information leakage that operate through modulating  cache access latencies and ultimately exfiltrate sensitive user information to adversaries.  Among the many forms of timing channels, covert channels are particularly dangerous as they …
An area-efficient out-of-order soft-core processor without register renaming | J Kadomoto, T Koizumi, A Fukuda… - 2018 International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper, we present an out-of-order soft-core processor adopting STRAIGHT architecture.  STRAIGHT has a unique instruction format in which source operands are expressed as  distances from producer instructions. This eliminates the need for register renaming and …
Shadow block: Accelerating oram accesses with data duplication | X Zhang, G Sun, P Xie, C Zhang, Y Liu… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Oblivious RAM (ORAM) is a cryptographic primitive designed to hide memory access patterns.  To achieve this objective, the intended data block is loaded and evicted back together with  other data blocks and dummy blocks in each ORAM access. To further protect the timing …
CAPE: A Content-Addressable Processing Engine | H Caminal, K Yang, S Srinivasa… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … build an entirely CMOS-based, general purpose microarchitecture that can deliver manyfold  speedups while remaining highly programmable… We also describe the micro-architecture of  the VCU (Section VD) and VMU (Section VE), which generate control commands for the CSB …
Multiscale quantification of tumor microarchitecture for predicting therapy response using dynamic contrast-enhanced ultrasound imaging | I Oezdemir, CE Wessner, C Shaw… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The morphological features detailing the tumor microarchitecture network may be used  as indicators of response to anticancer treatment [3], [4]. To that end, the purpose of the  research detailed herein was to investigate the potential of tumor microarchitecture as a pre-…
iDO: Compiler-directed failure atomicity for nonvolatile memory | Q Liu, J Izraelevitz, SK Lee, ML Scott… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents iDO, a compiler-directed approach to failure atomicity with nonvolatile  memory. Unlike most prior work, which instruments each store of persistent data for redo or  undo logging, the iDO compiler identifies idempotent instruction sequences, whose re-…
Hiding the Microsecond-Scale Latency of Storage-Class Memories with Duplexity | AMA Sriraman, TF Wenisch - akshithasriraman.eecs.umich.edu | … Nanosecond-scale stalls are effectively hidden by microarchitectural mechanisms, such  as Out-of-Order (OoO) execution and deep … Unfortunately, scaling SMT microarchitecture  to support many more threads is prohibitive, due to high logic complexity, wire delay, limited …
A Non-Volatile Embedded System | H Hofmeier - 2020 - cs.fau.de | … In Proceedings of the 2012 ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Low Power Electronics  … In Proceedings of the 44th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture  … In Proceedings of the 46th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture …
Ghost routers: energy-efficient asymmetric multicore processors with symmetric NoCs | H Son, H Kim, H Wang, NS Kim, J Kim - … /ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … It is possible that the ghost router microarchitecture can be optimized to remove the injection  buffers but we do not consider such … The router microarchitecture used in an NoC with  ghost routers can adopt alternative router microarchitecture without losing any benefit of ghost …
Application-transparent near-memory processing architecture with memory channel network | M Alian, SW Min, H Asgharimoghaddam… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The physical memory capacity of servers is expected to increase drastically with deployment  of the forthcoming non-volatile memory technologies. This is a welcomed improvement for  emerging data-intensive applications. For such servers to be cost-effective, nonetheless, we …
Adding tightly-integrated task scheduling acceleration to a RISC-V multi-core processor | L Morais, V Silva, A Goldman, C Alvarez… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the 52nd Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture:  Adding Tightly-Integrated Task Scheduling Page 1 Permission to make digital or hard copies  of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that …
Automatic microprocessor performance bug detection | EC Barboza, S Jacob, M Ketkar… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … efficiency gains to be had through improved microarchitecture. Further, while simulation studies  … of the given microarchitecture, may be less than the difference between microarchitectures.  … Over this period, there have been several microarchitectures where our approach could …
Understanding and utilizing hardware transactional memory capacity | Z Cai, SM Blackburn, MD Bond - … SIGPLAN International Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … can significantly improve the read capacity of transactions across the microarchitectures we  tested. A further complication is that a physically … 36] used in the LLC of every microarchitecture  we evaluate. We show an 8-way set with a sequence of 10 accesses to 8 distinct cache …
Graphene: Strong yet Lightweight Row Hammer Protection | Y Park, W Kwon, E Lee, TJ Ham… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Row Hammer is a serious security threat to modern computing systems using DRAM as main  memory. It causes charge loss in DRAM cells adjacent to a frequently activated aggressor  row and eventually leads to data bit flips in those cells. Even with countermeasures from …
SpectreRewind: Leaking secrets to past instructions | J Fustos, M Bechtel, H Yun - … of the 4th ACM Workshop on Attacks and …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … in all Intel, AMD, and ARM microarchitectures we tested. Table 1 shows the tested  microarchitectures and their latency (Column 4) and … Also, we will further investigate if other  microarchitectural structures can be used to create contention based covert channels in transient …
Performance-driven programming of multi-TFLOP deep learning accelerators | S Venkataramani, J Choi, V Srinivasan… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep Neural Network (DNN) accelerator architecture have evolved rapidly in recent years  demonstrating impressive peak processing efficiencies. However, little effort has been devoted  towards developing systematic methodologies to program DNN accelerators to extract the …
Neural cache: Bit-serial in-cache acceleration of deep neural networks | C Eckert, X Wang, J Wang… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents the Neural Cache architecture, which re-purposes cache structures to  transform them into massively parallel compute units capable of running inferences for Deep  Neural Networks. Techniques to do in-situ arithmetic in SRAM arrays, create efficient data …
MicroGrad: A Centralized Framework for Workload Cloning and Stress Testing | GS Ravi, R Bertran, P Bose… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present MicroGrad, a centralized automated framework that is able to efficiently analyze  the capabilities, limits and sensitivities of complex modern processors in the face of constantly  evolving application domains. MicroGrad uses Microprobe, a flexible code generation …
An Efficient Multicast Router using Shared-Buffer with Packet Merging for Dataflow Architecture | Y Li, M Wu, W Li, R Xue, D Fan, D Li… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 1 shows the DPU microarchitecture, which is an in stance of dataflow architecture. The  microarchitecture consists of a general RISC core, a … These shared buffers are used in the  input-buffered router microarchitecture and adopt the queue structure, but our shared buffer reads or …
Accelerating applications using edge tensor processing units | KC Hsu, HW Tseng - Proceedings of the International Conference for …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … As the demand of ML applications keep growing, we expect manufacturers to keep advancing  the microarchitecture of ML accelerators for … Hwu, “Program optimization space pruning for  a multithreaded gpu,” in Proceedings of the 6th annual IEEE/ACM international symposium …
Pthammer: Cross-user-kernel-boundary rowhammer through implicit accesses | Z Zhang, Y Cheng, D Liu, S Nepal… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Rowhammer is a hardware vulnerability in DRAM memory, where repeated access to memory  can induce bit flips in neighboring memory locations. Being a hardware vulnerability,  rowhammer bypasses all of the system memory protection, allowing adversaries to compromise …
P-INSPECT: Architectural Support for Programmable Non-Volatile Memory Frameworks | A Kokolis, T Shull, J Huang… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The availability of user-friendly programming frameworks is key to the success of Non-Volatile  Memory (NVM). Unfortunately, most current NVM frameworks rely heavily on user intervention  to mark persistent objects and even persistent writes. This not only complicates NVM …
Diminution of power in load/store queue for CAM and SRAM-based out-of-order processors | G Dhanalakshmi, M Sundarambal… - International Journal …, 2020 - inderscienceonline.com | … In order to achieve faster processor clocks and also wider pipelines, all relevant micro  architecture components should scale consequently. Otherwise the performance of the processor  will show only a little improvement in spite of the faster clock and wider pipeline. To tackle …
Time-domain characterization and correction of on-chip distortion of control pulses in a quantum processor | MA Rol, L Ciorciaro, FK Malinowski… - Applied Physics …, 2020 - aip.scitation.org | We introduce Cryoscope, a method for sampling on-chip baseband pulses used to dynamically  control qubit frequency in a quantum processor. We specifically use Cryoscope to measure  the step response of the dedicated flux control lines of two-junction transmon qubits in …
MICRO 2018 | Y Zhuo, J Cheng, X Qian, D Voitsechov - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 2018 51st Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture … 1B:  Microarchitecture …
Fidelity: Efficient resilience analysis framework for deep learning accelerators | Y He, P Balaprakash, Y Li - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present a resilience analysis framework, called FIdelity, to accurately and quickly analyze  the behavior of hardware errors in deep learning accelerators. Our framework enables  resilience analysis starting from the very beginning of the design process to ensure that the …
Overview of a fpga-based overlay processor | Y Yu, C Wu, X Shi, L He - … Technology International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This large granularity of instructions makes it easier to develop compiler and micro-architecture.  Thus, OPU is a good candidate for domain specific processor without large volume.  Experiments results show that OPU can achieve around 90 percent of runtime computing …
DAWG: A defense against cache timing attacks in speculative execution processors | V Kiriansky, I Lebedev, S Amarasinghe… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Software side channel attacks have become a serious concern with the recent rash of attacks  on speculative processor architectures. Most attacks that have been demonstrated exploit  the cache tag state as their exfiltration channel. While many existing defense mechanisms …
Transform-Based Feature Map Compression for CNN Inference | Y Shi, M Wang, S Chen, J Wei… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … ," in 2020 ACM/IEEE 47th Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA),  2020, pp. 860-873: IEEE. [17] M. … memoryefficient neural network design," in 2016 49th  Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO), 2016, pp. 113: IEEE. …
Memory system characterization of deep learning workloads | Z Chishti, B Akin - Proceedings of the International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We use an extended in-house version of Sniper, which faithfully models the microarchitecture  for recent ISA extensions, such as AVX512. The output of Sniper is a CPI stack, showing a  breakdown of the CPI contributions made by different CPU components (processor front-end/…
Position Paper: A case for exposing extra-architectural state in the ISA | J Lowe-Power, V Akella, MK Farrens, ST King… - … of the 7th International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Programmers and security professionals need a framework to reason about the effects of  speculation and other microarchitectural performance optimizations. We propose judiciously  extending the ISA to include the extraarchitectural state so that an ISA implementation either …
SPIDER-based out-of-order execution scheme for Ht-MPSOC | R Karthick, M Sundararajan - International Journal of …, 2021 - inderscienceonline.com | In this work, the influence of the dynamic task scheduling process is examined. Out-of-order  (OoO) implementation processes exhibit remarkable guarantee for task-level parallelism in  multiprocessor system-on-chip (MPSOC) designs. The superior performance can be attained …
Multi-bit upsets vulnerability analysis of modern microprocessors | A Chatzidimitriou, G Papadimitriou… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … in [8] modeled only spatial double-bit faults using microarchitecture level fault injection on …  or architecture level (not the actual hardware or microarchitecture level that we focus on). Lu et  al. in [24… Microarchitecture level fault injection has been used in various studies [3] [6] [28] for …
ReViCe: Reusing victim cache to prevent speculative cache leakage | S Kim, F Mahmud, J Huang, P Majumder… - 2020 IEEE Secure …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper presents ReViCe, a microarchitecture that safely hides and restores speculative  cache updates in both shared-core and cross-… Our contributions are summarized as follows:  • A multi-core, microarchitecture design for mitigating Spectre and Meltdown attacks by Undo’…
Nvbitfi: dynamic fault injection for gpus | T Tsai, SKS Hari, M Sullivan, O Villa… - … IEEE/IFIP International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Some of the AVF estimation techniques use models that simulate a microarchitectural  representation of the GPU and inject faults into the simulation model to estimate AVF. Other  techniques perform architectural fault injection by injecting errors into physical GPUs. …
GNN-PIM: A Processing-in-Memory Architecture for Graph Neural Networks | Z Wang, Y Guan, G Sun, D Niu, Y Wang… - … on Advanced Computer …, 2020 - Springer | … , the micro-architecture of nodes includes several memory chunks and a processing core. …  In: 2016 49th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO), pp. …  In: 2017 50th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO), pp. …
Aurochs: An architecture for dataflow threads | M Vilim, A Rucker, K Olukotun - … International Symposium on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This layout simplifies the microarchitecture by splitting and serializing keys wider than a  lane to pipeline long comparisons between records across multiple cycles. At 1GHz, each  compute tile can process record streams at 64GB/s; for even higher throughput, Gorgon …
Tangram: Integrated control of heterogeneous computers | RP Pothukuchi, JL Greathouse, K Rao, C Erb… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Resource control in heterogeneous computers built with subsystems from different vendors is  challenging. There is a tension between the need to quickly generate local decisions in each  subsystem and the desire to coordinate the different subsystems for global optimization. In …
Micro-architecture design for low overhead fault tolerant network-on-chip | C Yuan, L Huang, J Wang, Q Li - … IEEE international symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … -tolerant method and micro-architecture design. A comprehensive mechanism named  Send-Back ECC is introduced in this work. Beyond [10], suitable coding methods are used to  protect the payload information. Meanwhile, this paper provides the micro-architecture details of …
Practical near-data processing to evolve memory and storage devices into mainstream heterogeneous computing systems | NS Kim, P Mehra - 2019 56th ACM/IEEE Design Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The capacity of memory and storage devices is expected to increase drastically with adoption  of the forthcoming memory and integration technologies. This is a welcome improvement  especially for datacenter servers running modern data-intensive applications. Nonetheless, …
Dstress: Automatic synthesis of dram reliability stress viruses using genetic algorithms | L Mukhanov, DS Nikolopoulos… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Failures become inevitable in DRAM devices, which is a major obstacle for scaling down  the density of cells in future DRAM technologies. These failures can be detected by specific  DRAM tests that implement the data and memory access patterns having a strong impact on …
Control Flow Integrity in IoT Devices with Performance Counters and DWT | A Biswas, Z Li, A Tyagi - 2020 IEEE International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Counter value traces for various micro-architecture events are collected from executing  code with and without rootkits. Machine learning … This work is similar to our research in that  machine learning is used to filter out micro-architecture events relevant to rootkit detection. …
Advanced profiling for probabilistic Prime+ Probe attacks and covert channels in ScatterCache | A Purnal, I Verbauwhede - arXiv preprint arXiv:1908.03383, 2019 - arxiv.org | Timing channels in cache hierarchies are an important enabler in many microarchitectural  attacks. ScatterCache (USENIX 2019) is a protected cache architecture that randomizes the  address-to-index mapping with a keyed cryptographic function, aiming to thwart the usage of …
Tile-Based Architecture Exploration for Convolutional Accelerators in Deep Neural Networks | YT Chen, YX Yen, CT Chen, TY Chen… - … 3rd International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents the tile-based DCNN accelerator architecture. The hierarchical  interconnection networks enable distributed data delivery to maximize the data bandwidth both  for the conventional and depthwise convolution layers. An exploration tool is also developed to …
Pageseer: Using page walks to trigger page swaps in hybrid memory systems | A Kokolis, D Skarlatos… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Hybrid main memories composed of DRAM and NonVolatile Memory (NVM) combine the  capacity benefits of NVM with the low-latency properties of DRAM. For highest performance,  data segments should be exchanged between the two types of memories dynamically-a …
iMODE (interactive MOod Detection Engine) Processor | ME Savas, IA Guney, NN Tokatli… - … 4th International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … queue,” Proceedings of the 2007 international symposium on Low power electronics and design,  pp. 371–374, 2007. [21] TE Carlson, W. … Eeckhout, ”The load slice core microarchitecture,”  2015 ACM/IEEE 42nd Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA…
Cache Memory Architectures for Handling Big Data Applications: A Survey | P Das - Smart Computing Paradigms: New Progresses and …, 2020 - Springer | Cache memory Das, Purnendu plays an important role in the efficient execution of today’s big  data-based applications. The high-performance computer has multicore processors to support  parallel execution of different applications and threads. These multicore processors are …
Delay and bypass: Ready and criticality aware instruction scheduling in out-of-order processors | M Alipour, S Kaxiras, D Black-Schaffer… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … ceedings of the 46th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on … Rose, “Microarchitecture  and circuits for a 200 mhz out-of-order soft processor memory system,” ACM Trans.  Reconfigurable Technol. Syst., vol. …
Design Principles for Packet Deparsers on FPGAs | T Luinaud, J Santiago da Silva, JMP Langlois… - … /SIGDA International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … [7] report only the FPGA resource consumption for a 100 Gbps packet deparser, while the  design principles and microarchitectural details … Third, we present the microarchitecture of the  proposed deparser. All our design choices use the inherent configurability of the FPGAs and …
Trident: A Hybrid Correlation-Collision GPU Cache Timing Attack for AES Key Recovery | J Ahn, C Jin, J Kim, M Rhu, Y Fei… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Recent work has identified how microarchitectural side-channel attacks can be carried out  on AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) by … that support narrower data-cache accesses via  a sectored-cache microarchitecture – resulting in memory accesses from different levels of the …
MGPUSim: enabling multi-GPU performance modeling and optimization | Y Sun, T Baruah, SA Mojumder, S Dong… - … of the 46th International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … To the best of our knowledge, there is no prior microarchitectural research that focused  on a discrete multi-GPU model due to the lack of simulator support. Even with a uni ed multi-GPU  model, other simulators cannot achieve the same level of exibility. We discuss this in …
Deeprecsys: A system for optimizing end-to-end at-scale neural recommendation inference | U Gupta, S Hsia, V Saraph, X Wang… - … Annual International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Figure 7 shows the impact of CPU micro-architecture on neural recommendation  inference performance. We show the performance of WnD, DIN, and DLRM-RMC2 on  Broadwell (BDW), as well as Skylake using both AVX-256 (SKLAVX2) and AVX-512 (SKL-AVX512) …
Iterative Modulo Scheduling | O Mutlu, S Mahlke, T Conte, W Hwu - IEEE Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO) recognizes the most influential  papers published in past MICRO conferences that have had a significant impact on the field  with its annual Test of Time (ToT) award.Testimonials and retrospectives for a large subset of …
Gardenia: A graph processing benchmark suite for next-generation accelerators | Z Xu, X Chen, J Shen, Y Zhang, C Chen… - ACM Journal on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Our characterization shows that GARDENIA exhibits irregular microarchitectural behavior,  which is quite different … microarchitecture behaviors. Thus, it is important to include both  GPU and MIC implementations in GARDENIA. We don’t discuss in depth the microarchitectural …
Duplo: Lifting redundant memory accesses of deep neural networks for gpu tensor cores | H Kim, S Ahn, Y Oh, B Kim, WW Ro… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper introduces a GPU architecture named Duplo that minimizes redundant memory  accesses of convolutions in deep neural networks (DNNs). Convolution is one of the fundamental  operations used in various classes of DNNs, and it takes the majority of execution time. …
Approximate computing method based on memristors | JI Yu, Z Youhui, Z Weimin - Journal of Tsinghua University …, 2021 - jst.tsinghuajournals.com | Memristors are non-volatile memory devices that are also capable of colocation computations.  General-purpose computations can use memristors to approximate arbitrary functions  with neural networks or can use memristors to model basic gate circuits that then perform …
BDEv 3.0: energy efficiency and microarchitectural characterization of Big Data processing frameworks | J Veiga, J Enes, RR Expósito, J Tourino - Future Generation Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … For example, microarchitecture-level events can bring meaningful insights to characterize the  interaction between frameworks and … Data Evaluator tool (BDEv) to extract energy efficiency  and microarchitecture-level metrics from the execution of representative Big Data workloads…
A Categorical Study on Cache Replacement Policies for Hierarchical Cache Memory | P Das, BR Roy - Applications of Internet of Things, 2021 - Springer | … In: 41st IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Micro-architecture, 2008, pp. 222–233Google  Scholar … In: Proceedings of the 42nd Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on  Microarchitecture (MICRO 42). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 2009, pp. 401–412Google Scholar …
Accelerating recommendation system training by leveraging popular choices | M Adnan, YE Maboud, D Mahajan, PJ Nair - Proceedings of the VLDB …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 52nd Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture,  MICRO '52, page 453--465, New York, NY, … In Proceedings of the 51st Annual IEEE/ACM  International Symposium on Microarchitecture, MICRO-51, page 326--338. IEEE Press, 2018…
An architectural framework for accelerating dynamic parallel algorithms on reconfigurable hardware | T Chen, S Srinath, C Batten… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper, we propose ParallelXL, an architectural framework for building application-specific  parallel accelerators with low manual effort. The framework introduces a task-based  computation model with explicit continuation passing to support dynamic parallelism in addition …
Duplicon cache: mitigating off-chip memory bank and bank group conflicts via data duplication | B Lin, MB Healy, R Miftakhutdinov… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Bank and bank group conflicts are major performance bottlenecks for memory intensive  workloads. Idealized experiments show removing bank and bank group conflicts collectively  can improve performance by up to 37.5% and by 22.5% on average for our mix of multi-…
Retagger: An efficient controller for dram cache architectures | MN Bojnordi, F Nasrullah - Proceedings of the 56th Annual Design …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … design,” in Proceedings of the 2012 45th Annual  IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, pp. 235–246, IEEE Computer Society, …
Raop: Recurrent neural network augmented offset prefetcher | P Zhang, A Srivastava, B Brooks, R Kannan… - The International …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … • We propose a framework of implementing the RNN model that can predict next memory  access in the microarchitecture, which serves as a part of the predictor for RAOP. • We propose  a spatio-temporal prefetching approach that makes use of both the prediction of the RNN …
Timeloop: A systematic approach to dnn accelerator evaluation | A Parashar, P Raina, YS Shao, YH Chen… - … IEEE international …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … While our throughput-based performance model and linear energy model are adequate  for regular DNN architectures, we believe that our approach of separating a high-level tile  analysis from a low-level microarchitecture model allows for extensibility to more complex …
Optimization Methods for Computing System in Mobile CPS | Y Zhang, Z Xing, Y Wang, L Chen, Q Wang… - … of the 2nd International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … We focus on effective ways in GPU microarchitecture  level to save energy and decrease time latency for making more real-time decisions …
A survey of accelerator architectures for deep neural networks | Y Chen, Y Xie, L Song, F Chen, T Tang - Engineering, 2020 - Elsevier | … Towards efficient microarchitectural design for accelerating unsupervised GAN-based  deep learning. In: Proceedings of the 2018 IEEE International Symposium on High  Performance Computer Architecture; 2018 Feb 24–28; Vienna, Austria; 2018. p. 66–77. …
An architectural framework for accelerating dynamic parallel algorithms on reconfigurable hardware | T Chen, S Srinath, C Batten… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper, we propose ParallelXL, an architectural framework for building application-specific  parallel accelerators with low manual effort. The framework introduces a task-based  computation model with explicit continuation passing to support dynamic parallelism in addition …
Duplicon cache: mitigating off-chip memory bank and bank group conflicts via data duplication | B Lin, MB Healy, R Miftakhutdinov… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Bank and bank group conflicts are major performance bottlenecks for memory intensive  workloads. Idealized experiments show removing bank and bank group conflicts collectively  can improve performance by up to 37.5% and by 22.5% on average for our mix of multi-…
Retagger: An efficient controller for dram cache architectures | MN Bojnordi, F Nasrullah - Proceedings of the 56th Annual Design …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … design,” in Proceedings of the 2012 45th Annual  IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, pp. 235–246, IEEE Computer Society, …
Raop: Recurrent neural network augmented offset prefetcher | P Zhang, A Srivastava, B Brooks, R Kannan… - The International …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … • We propose a framework of implementing the RNN model that can predict next memory  access in the microarchitecture, which serves as a part of the predictor for RAOP. • We propose  a spatio-temporal prefetching approach that makes use of both the prediction of the RNN …
Timeloop: A systematic approach to dnn accelerator evaluation | A Parashar, P Raina, YS Shao, YH Chen… - … IEEE international …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … While our throughput-based performance model and linear energy model are adequate  for regular DNN architectures, we believe that our approach of separating a high-level tile  analysis from a low-level microarchitecture model allows for extensibility to more complex …
Optimization Methods for Computing System in Mobile CPS | Y Zhang, Z Xing, Y Wang, L Chen, Q Wang… - … of the 2nd International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … We focus on effective ways in GPU microarchitecture  level to save energy and decrease time latency for making more real-time decisions …
A survey of accelerator architectures for deep neural networks | Y Chen, Y Xie, L Song, F Chen, T Tang - Engineering, 2020 - Elsevier | … Towards efficient microarchitectural design for accelerating unsupervised GAN-based  deep learning. In: Proceedings of the 2018 IEEE International Symposium on High  Performance Computer Architecture; 2018 Feb 24–28; Vienna, Austria; 2018. p. 66–77. …
SmartWatts: Self-calibrating software-defined power meter for containers | G Fieni, R Rouvoy, L Seinturier - … ACM International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The maximal amount of simultaneous HWPC events depends of the micro-architecture of the  CPU and will be detected at runtime using the PMU detection feature of the libpfm4 library.We  then correlate the power consumption with the values of the monitored HWPC events and …
Hmg: Extending cache coherence protocols across modern hierarchical multi-gpu systems | X Ren, D Lustig, E Bolotin, A Jaleel… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, modern GPU products still enforce relaxed memory models, as weak models allow  for more microarchitectural flexibility and arguably better performance/power/area tradeoffs.  Cache Coherence: We have discussed most of the existing GPU coherence protocols in …
Hamartia: A fast and accurate error injection framework | CK Chang, S Lym, N Kelly… - … IEEE/IFIP International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … microarchitecture-level injector with a gate-level simulator to accelerate injection and gain  fidelity at target injection point. However, microarchitecture-… We are not currently modeling  microarchitecture-level error masking in our injector because the simulation is too slow. Although …
A new side-channel vulnerability on modern computers by exploiting electromagnetic emanations from the power management unit | N Sehatbakhsh, BB Yilmaz, A Zajic… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents a new micro-architectural vulnerability on the power management units  of modern computers which creates an electromagnetic-based side-channel. The key  observations that enable us to discover this sidechannel are: 1) in an effort to manage and …
A review of in-memory computing architectures for machine learning applications | S Bavikadi, PR Sutradhar, KN Khasawneh… - … Lakes Symposium on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … It modifies default ReRAM micro-architecture heavily to also facilitate sigmoid, ReLU,  max pooling, ADC/DAC & precision control unit and also a buffer subarray. PRIME features  bank-level parallelism and offers software and API support for programming and data-mapping. …
Slumber: static-power management for gpgpu register files | D Tripathy, H Zamani, D Sahoo, LN Bhuyan… - … ACM/IEEE International …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 50th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture.  600–611. [3] Ali Bakhoda, George L Yuan, Wilson WL Fung, Henry Wong, and … In Proceedings  of the 44th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture. 308–317. …
CABLE: A cache-based link encoder for bandwidth-starved manycores | TM Nguyen, A Fuchs, D Wentzlaff - … International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Off-chip bandwidth is a scarce resource in modern processors, and it is expected to become  even more limited on a per-core basis as we move into the era of high-throughput and  massively-parallel computation. One promising approach to overcome limited bandwidth is off-…
An open source FPGA-optimized out-of-order RISC-V soft processor | S Mashimo, A Fujita, R Matsuo, S Akaki… - 2019 International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … of the RSD microarchitecture design and then … MICROARCHITECTURE This section  introduces the RSD microarchitecture and provides background on the proposed techniques  described in sections IV and V. Fig. 1 shows a block diagram of the RSD. The microarchitecture …
ACR: Amnesic checkpointing and recovery | I Akturk, UR Karpuzcu - 2020 IEEE International Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 5 shows the main microarchitectural components of ACR and how they interact with the  memory subsystem. The highlighted (darker) portion captures the support for recomputation,  following Section II-B without loss of generality. In the end, the necessary condition for ACR to …
Designing Application-Specific Heterogeneous Architectures from Performance Models | T Cong, F Charot - 2019 IEEE 13th International Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Modeling of the processor is partitioned into an instruction set architecture (ISA) execution  and a microarchitecture specific timing model. These models are implemented on FPGAs to  take advantage of their parallelism and speed up the simulation when architecture complexity …
Flexible Instruction Set Architecture for Programmable Look-up Table based Processing-in-Memory | M Connolly, PR Sutradhar, M Indovina… - … 39th International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … (ISA) that enables it to access part or entirety of the memory micro-architecture for performing  the operations. This may involve taking over the … with later PIMs which feature a significantly  deeper integration of the logic with the memory micro-architecture [5], [6], [10]. These PIMs …
Shaving Retries with Sentinels for Fast Read over High-Density 3D Flash | Q Li, M Ye, Y Cui, L Shi, X Li, TW Kuo… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | High-density flash-memory chips are under tremendous demands with the exponential  growth of data. At the same time, the slow read performance of these high-density flash-memory  chips becomes a new challenge. In this work, we analyze the high raw bit error rates (RBER) …
Tensor casting: Co-designing algorithm-architecture for personalized recommendation training | Y Kwon, Y Lee, M Rhu - 2021 IEEE International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … specialized microarchitecture designs. Recall that Tensor Casting can transform the …  Consequently, our proposition is to optimize the accelerator microarchitecture using near-… the  majority of embedding training time using a single microarchitecture, and 2) the NMP design …
Micro-architectural cache side-channel attacks and countermeasures | C Shen, C Chen, J Zhang - 2021 26th Asia and South Pacific …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The attacker first brings the microarchitecture into the desired state. Then, a trigger  instruction is executed, which can be any instruction that causes subsequent operations to be  eventually squashed, eg, an exception or a mispredicted branch or data dependency. Before …
IAA: Incidental approximate architectures for extremely energy-constrained energy harvesting scenarios using IoT nonvolatile processors | K Ma, J Li, X Li, Y Liu, Y Xie, M Kandemir… - IEEE Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … During processing of the new data, the microarchitecture controller compares the current  computation state to the state backed up using the old data. If there is a match, an SIMD strategy  is applied to the old state and data. Note that the computation precision of the newly added …
Think fast: a tensor streaming processor (TSP) for accelerating deep learning workloads | D Abts, J Ross, J Sparling… - … Annual International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … complexity of many microarchitectures makes it difficult to reason about runtime stalls.  Furthermore, while microarchitectural enhancements such as … • we introduce functional-sliced  tile microarchitecture and the stream programming abstraction built upon it; • we describe our first …
MOUSE: Inference in non-volatile memory for energy harvesting applications | S Resch, SK Khatamifard, ZI Chowdhury… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | There is increasing demand to bring machine learning capabilities to low power devices. By  integrating the computational power of machine learning with the deployment capabilities of  low power devices, a number of new applications become possible. In some applications, …
A review of near-memory computing architectures: Opportunities and challenges | G Singh, L Chelini, S Corda, AJ Awan… - 2018 21st Euromicro …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, the use of hardware performance counters is limited by the impact of micro-architecture  features like cache size, … To achieve more accurate performance numbers, architects often  resort to modeling the entire micro-architecture precisely. However, this approach can be …
Hybrid-shield: Accurate and efficient cross-layer countermeasure for run-time detection and mitigation of cache-based side-channel attacks | H Wang, H Sayadi, A Sasan, S Rafatirad… - … of the 39th International …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … victims’ data and microarchitectural behaviors of victim applications [41]. This also provides  the opportunity of detecting SCAs by observing the alteration in microarchitectural behaviors.  Furthermore, our experimental results as shown in Figure 1 indicate a clear difference …
SIMT-X: Extending single-instruction multi-threading to out-of-order cores | A Tino, C Collange, A Seznec - ACM Transactions on Architecture and …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … We demonstrate that although SIMT-X invokes a restricted form of Outof-Order (OoO), the  microarchitecture successfully captures a majority of the benefits of aggressive OoO execution  using at most two concurrent register mappings per architectural register, while addressing …
BST: A BookSim-based toolset to simulate NoCs with single-and multi-hop bypass | I Perez, E Vallejo, M Moreto… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … emulation models abstracting from microarchitectural details in favor of simulation speed.  Other implementations integrate SST with a highly … Our methodology focuses on hardware  microarchitectural exploration and iterative fast co-design; new features can be tested on all …
A Hybrid Instruction and Functional Level Energy Estimation Framework for Embedded Processors | S Shamas, MA Pasha, S Masud - … International Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Energy consumption in embedded systems is becoming increasingly important especially with  the increase in transistor count that needs to fit in smaller chip areas. This calls for a cross-layer  effort to improve the energy consumption of an embedded design including design of …
R2D2: Runtime reassurance and detection of A2 Trojan | Y Hou, H He, K Shamsi, Y Jin, D Wu… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We propose a fused microarchitecture based on the ARMv7A&R ISA [9]. ARMv7-A&R was  the up to date ARM ISA when we started this project. The fused microarchiecture [10] was  evaluated based on the gem5 simulator [11], and proved to be feasible, before real hardware …
Prema: A predictive multi-task scheduling algorithm for preemptible neural processing units | Y Choi, M Rhu - … International Symposium on High Performance …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | To amortize cost, cloud vendors providing DNN acceleration as a service to end-users  employ consolidation and virtualization to share the underlying resources among multiple  DNN service requests. This paper makes a case for a "preemptible" neural processing unit (NPU) …
Multicore Power Estimation using Independent Component Analysis Based Modeling | M Sagi, NAV Doan, T Wild… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … They are microarchitecture dependent and need to be adapted for new processor architectures…  level power model without relying on microarchitectural knowledge nor synthetic workloads.  … In contrast to our work, microarchitectural knowledge and not further specified synthetic …
Processing-in-memory for energy-efficient neural network training: A heterogeneous approach | J Liu, H Zhao, MA Ogleari, D Li… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Neural networks (NNs) have been adopted in a wide range of application domains, such as  image classification, speech recognition, object detection, and computer vision. However,  training NNs - especially deep neural networks (DNNs) - can be energy and time consuming, …
一种用于安全分支预测器的新颖概率饱和计数器设计 | LT Zhao, R Hou - 计算机科学技术学报, 2021 - jcst.ict.ac.cn | … the 42nd Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture, December  2009, pp.469-480. DOI:10.1145/1669-112.1669172. … the 52nd Annual IEEE/ACM  International Symposium on Microarchitecture, October 2019, pp.954-968. DOI:10.1145/3352460.3358274. …
NodeFetch: High Performance Graph Processing Using Processing in Memory | M Mosayebi, M Dehyadegari - Journal of Electrical and Computer …, 2021 - jecei.sru.ac.ir | Background and Objectives: Graph processing is increasingly gaining attention during era of  big data. However, graph processing applications are highly memory intensive due to nature  of graphs. Processing-in-memory (PIM) is an old idea which revisited recently with the …
Performance modelling and dynamic scheduling on heterogeneous-ISA multi-core architectures | NK Boran, DK Yadav, R Iyer - International Symposium on VLSI Design …, 2019 - Springer | … Homogeneous multi-core (HoMC) architectures [13] consist of several identical cores (both  ISA & micro-architecture) and focus on … Apart from the number of General Purpose Registers  (GPRs) which is an intrinsic property of the ISA, all micro-architecture parameters are …
Exploring GPU Architectural Optimizations for RNNs | S Pati - research.cs.wisc.edu | … 2, we propose several changes to the microarchitecture, memory system and coherence …  3.1 Microarchitecture Currently, RNNs must wait for all activation elements to be computed … in  parallel, we can exploit more parallelism at the microarchitectural level. To do this, we will map …
Securing branch predictors with two-level encryption | J Lee, Y Ishii, D Sunwoo - ACM Transactions on Architecture and Code …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Branch predictors are one of the most important micro-architecture components to deliver  performance. However, they have been under heavy scrutiny because of recent side-channel  attacks. Branch predictors are indexed using the PC and recent branch histories. …
Planaria: Dynamic architecture fission for spatial multi-tenant acceleration of deep neural networks | S Ghodrati, BH Ahn, JK Kim, S Kinzer… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … components as follows: Fission microarchitecture. The first component of this work is a  microarchitecture that can fission dynamically into … Then, Section IV delves into the  microarchitectural innards of Planaria, an incarnation of dynamic architecture fission. First, the design …
Omegaflow: a high-performance dependency-based architecture | Y Zhou, Z Yu, C Zhang, Y Xu, H Wang, S Wang… - … the ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … We answer this question by establishing the relationship between the micro-architecture …  Besides the compiler, TPI is also affected by micro-architecture properties. On the one hand,  TPI will … Proceedings of the 27th annual international symposium on Computer architecture. …
TrainBox: An Extreme-Scale Neural Network Training Server Architecture by Systematically Balancing Operations | P Park, H Jeong, J Kim - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Microarchitecture of FPGA-based Accelerators Figure 17 shows the microarchitecture of  our data preparation accelerator on an FPGA. A data preparation accelerator consists of a  TrainBox controller for the device management within a train box, a clustering module to …
Exploiting bank conflict-based side-channel timing leakage of gpus | ZH Jiang, Y Fei, D Kaeli - ACM Transactions on Architecture and Code …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … However, the underlying microarchitecture behaves differently when processing different  data … Unfortunately, a similar microarchitectural evaluation of the potential attack surfaces on  … In this article, we identify a second finer-grained microarchitectural timing channel, related to …
Cudaadvisor: Llvm-based runtime profiling for modern gpus | D Shen, SL Song, A Li, X Liu - … of the 2018 International Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | General-purpose GPUs have been widely utilized to accelerate parallel applications. Given  a relatively complex programming model and fast architecture evolution, producing efficient  GPU code is nontrivial. A variety of simulation and profiling tools have been developed to aid …
A Survey of GPGPU Parallel Processing Architecture Performance Optimization | S Jia, Z Tian, Y Ma, C Sun, Y Zhang… - … /ACIS 20th International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … “Warped-compression: enabling power efficient GPUs through register compression,” In  ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Computer … “Dynamic warp subdivision for integrated  branch and memory divergence tolerance,” In International Symposium on Computer …
Bayesian optimization for efficient accelerator synthesis | A Mehrabi, A Manocha, BC Lee, DJ Sorin - ACM Transactions on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Regression can predict performance and power from sparse simulations of microarchitectural  design spaces [30, 31]. These methods … Accurate and efficient regression modeling for  microarchitectural performance and power prediction. In Proc. International Conference on …
Microarchitecture Online Template Attacks | AC Aldaya, BB Brumley - arXiv preprint arXiv:2007.05337, 2020 - arxiv.org | … nature between power-consumption signals and microarchitecture-based ones. In this paper  … We analyze three libraries libgcrypt, mbedTLS, and wolfSSL using two microarchitecture …  In this work demonstrate that microarchitecture online template attacks are also very powerful …
An Efficient and Low-Power MLP Accelerator Architecture Supporting Structured Pruning, Sparse Activations and Asymmetric Quantization for Edge Computing | WC Lin, YC Chang, JD Huang - 2021 IEEE 3rd International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Multilayer perceptron (MLP) is one of the most popular neural network architectures used for  classification, regression, and recommendation systems today. In this paper, we propose an  efficient and low-power MLP accelerator for edge computing. The accelerator has three key …
Twig: Multi-agent task management for colocated latency-critical cloud services | R Nishtala, V Petrucci, P Carpenter… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … These techniques require extensive microarchitectural feature tuning prior to deployment  in production clusters. Secondly, prior work [9, 14, 16, 21, 69, 70] detect interference among  colocated services and adjust resource allocation dynamically or disallow colocation of LC …
On the resilience of deep learning for reduced-voltage FPGAs | K Givaki, B Salami, R Hojabr… - … International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The following topics are dealt with: parallel processing; multiprocessing systems; learning (artificial  intelligence); graphics processing units; optimisation; power aware computing; parallel  programming; network-on-chip; message passing; resource allocation. …
CATCAM: Constant-time Alteration Ternary CAM with Scalable In-Memory Architecture | D Chen, Z Li, T Xiong, Z Liu, J Yang… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | TCAM (Ternary Content-Addressable Memory) is the essential component for high-speed  packet classification in modern hardware switches. However, due to its relatively slow update  process, recent advances in Software-Defined Network (SDN) regard them as the bottleneck …
Skippynn: An embedded stochastic-computing accelerator for convolutional neural networks | R Hojabr, K Givaki, SMR Tayaranian… - 2019 56th ACM/IEEE …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 4.3 SkippyNN Micro-architecture Driven by the performance improvement of the proposed  DMAC and the reordering technique, SkippyNN provides an accelerator that is capable of  performing a 2D convolution efficiently. A high-level block diagram for the micro-architecture of …
The power of ARM64 in public clouds | Q Jiang, YC Lee, AY Zomaya - … /ACM International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We study the performance characteristics of the Amazon Graviton Processor – an ARM64  processor with the Cortex-A72 microarchitecture – using the A1 (Graviton) product family on  AWS EC2, with comparisons to the I3 and M5 product families based on Intel Xeon processors. …
Characterizing the impact of last-level cache replacement policies on big-data workloads | AV Jamet, L Alvarez, DA Jiménez… - 2020 IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … These benchmarks are well-known and highly used by the computer architecture community,  specially to evaluate new proposals in the area of microarchitecture. These benchmarks  provide representative codes of real compute intensive workloads such as compilers, data …
High Performance Approximate Memories for Image Processing Applications | R Jothin, MP Mohamed - Journal of Electronic Testing, 2020 - Springer | … of the 45th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO45),  pp. 449–460 12. Ferrari G, Colavolpe G, Raheli R (2003) On trellis-based truncated- … of the  46th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Micro architecture (MICRO-46), pp. 25–36 …
Dead Page and Dead Block Predictors: Cleaning TLBs and Caches Together | C Mazumdar, P Mitra, A Basu - … IEEE International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The last level TLB (LLT) and the last level cache (LLC) play a critical role in the overall  performance of memory-intensive applications. While management of LLC content has received  significant attention, the same may not be true for LLT. In this work, we first explore the well-…
Autoscale: Energy efficiency optimization for stochastic edge inference using reinforcement learning | YG Kim, CJ Wu - … International Symposium on Microarchitecture …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep learning inference is increasingly run at the edge. As the programming and system  stack support becomes mature, it enables acceleration opportunities in a mobile system,  where the system performance envelope is scaled up with a plethora of programmable co-…
Bingo spatial data prefetcher | M Bakhshalipour, M Shakerinava… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Applications extensively use data objects with a regular and fixed layout, which leads to the  recurrence of access patterns over memory regions. Spatial data prefetching techniques  exploit this phenomenon to prefetch future memory references and hide the long latency of …
Griffin: Hardware-software support for efficient page migration in multi-gpu systems | T Baruah, Y Sun, AT Dinçer… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Therefore, we propose Griffin, a hardwaresoftware solution that improves the GPU  microarchitecture, the Input/ Output Memory Management Unit (IOMMU) design, as well as the  GPU driver. Griffin’s design includes four complementary mechanisms that work in unison to solve …
Role of cache replacement policies in high performance computing systems: a survey | P Das - International Conference on Communication, Networks …, 2018 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 36th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture  (MICRO), pp. 55–66 (2003)Google Scholar … In: Proceedings of the 40th Annual IEEE/ACM  International Symposium on Microarchitecture. MICRO 40, pp. 3–14 (2007)Google Scholar …
Exploring the Effects of Code Optimizations on CPU Frequency Margins | K Parasyris, N Bellas, CD Antonopoulos… - International Conference …, 2018 - Springer | … Many factors affect the CPU margins during application execution, including the application’s  characteristics, the libraries used by it, the CPU microarchitecture and the environmental  conditions (eg, temperature) [10, 11]. Among these factors, compiler and source code …
Securing Machine Learning Architectures and Systems | S HajiAmin Shirazi, H Naghibijouybari… - … Lakes Symposium on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Second, we show an example of microarchitectural side channel attacks that can be used  to extract the secret parameters of a neural network and potential defenses against it. Finally,  we discuss how hardware and systems can be used to make ML more robust against …
SB-Fetch: synchronization aware hardware prefetching for chip multiprocessors | LM AlBarakat, PV Gratz, DA Jiménez - … of the 34th ACM International …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Thus we here present a recap of the B-Fetch microarchitecture as originally published [20,  33]. Program construction can be mapped into a control flow graph as shown in Figure 2. …  Here we describe each of the major microarchitectural components of B-Fetch and their purpose. …
GPGPU Functional Units Power Gating for Leakage Energy Reduction | X Wang, W Zhang - Journal of Computing Science and Engineering, 2020 - jcse.kiise.org | … Consequently, the power-gating strategies studied in this paper can be completely  supported by several simple counters by avoiding complex microarchitecture and logic, and the  hardware overhead is negligible. Moreover, the performance overhead that is mostly caused by …
Workload Characteristics-based L1 Data Cache Switching-off Mechanism for GPUs | TC Do, GB Kim, CH Kim - Journal of The Korea Society of …, 2018 - koreascience.or.kr | Modern graphics processing units (GPUs) have become one of the most attractive platforms  in exploiting high thread level parallelism with the support of new programming tools such  as CUDA and OpenCL. Recent GPUs has applied cache hierarchy to support irregular …
Steal but no force: Efficient hardware undo+ redo logging for persistent memory systems | MA Ogleari, EL Miller, J Zhao - … IEEE International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The goal of our Hardware Logging (HWL) mechanism is to enable feasible undo+redo  logging of persistent data in our microarchitecture. HWL also relaxes ordering constraints on  caching in a manner that neither undo nor redo logging can. Furthermore, our HWL design …
Collaborative thermal-and traffic-aware adaptive routing scheme for 3D network-on-chip systems | L Shen, N Wu, G Yan, F Ge - IEICE Electronics Express, 2021 - jstage.jst.go.jp | Due to the stacking dies and unequal cooling effiency of different layers, 3D NoC-based  systems suffer sever thermal issues. Adaptive routing can alleviate the thermal issues, but  current routing algorithms either suffer from the thermal balance or traffic congestion. This paper …
Towards a better indicator for cache timing channels | F Yao, H Fang, M Doroslovacki… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … Among the various classes of microarchitectural attacks, cache timing channels are  especially worrisome since they have the potential to compromise users’ private data at high bit  rates. Prior works have demonstrated the use of cache miss patterns to detect these attacks. We …
gem5-SALAM: A System Architecture for LLVM-based Accelerator Modeling | S Rogers, J Slycord, M Baharani… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | With the prevalence of hardware accelerators as an integral part of the modern systems on  chip (SoCs), the ability to quickly and accurately model accelerators within the system it  operates is critical. This paper presents gem5-SALAM as a novel system architecture for LLVM-…
Invalid data-aware coding to enhance the read performance of high-density flash memories | W Choi, M Jung, M Kandemir - … /ACM International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | High bit-density flash memories such as Multi-Level Cell (MLC) and Triple-Level Cell (TLC)  flash have become a norm, since doubling the cell bit-density can increase the storage  capacity by 2× using the same number of cells. However, these high bit-density flash memories …
VDPred: Predicting Voltage Droop for Power-Effient 3D Multi-core Processor Design | H Xiao, M Kar, S Mukhopadhyay… - … 13th International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … approach of circuit and microarchitecture that produces a refined regulator design coupled  with a predictive model that is sensitive to microarchitecture events. We argue that such  coordinated explorations across circuit and microarchitecture abstraction boundaries are going to …
