Comparing the reliability of software systems: A case study on mobile operating systems | V Ivanov, A Reznik, G Succi - Information Sciences, 2018 - Elsevier | … [7], and, given the goal to determine the overall reliability of the target mobile and open source  operating systems, we … Operating System), while these lines are less constant for CyanogenMod,  while the lines are very irregular for Sailfish (the worst performing Operating System). …
A survey on resource management in IoT operating systems | A Musaddiq, YB Zikria, O Hahm, H Yu, AK Bashir… - IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … These scarce resources for IoT devices are powered by small Operating Systems (OSs)  that are specially designed to support the IoT devices’ diverse applications and operational  requirements. These IoT OSs are responsible for managing the constrained resources of IoT …
An analysis of network-partitioning failures in cloud systems | A Alquraan, H Takruri, M Alfatafta… - … } Symposium on Operating …, 2018 - usenix.org | … systems: network-partitioning faults. We aim to understand the specific sequence of events  that lead to user-visible system failures and to characterize these system … Finally, we highlight  that system designers need to pay careful attention to internal and offline operations, need …
Floem: A programming system for NIC-accelerated network applications | PM Phothilimthana, M Liu, A Kaufmann… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems … In Proceedings of the 26th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, SOSP  ’17, … In Proceedings of the 26th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, SOSP ’17, …
What bugs cause production cloud incidents? | H Liu, S Lu, M Musuvathi, S Nath - … on Hot Topics in Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise… An empirical study of operating system  errors. In Proceedings of the 18th ACM Symposium on Operating System Principles (SOSP), 2001. …
Pocket: Elastic ephemeral storage for serverless analytics | A Klimovic, Y Wang, P Stuedi, A Trivedi… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … Open access to the Proceedings of the  13th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation is sponsored by …
Three steps is all you need: fast, accurate, automatic scaling decisions for distributed streaming dataflows | V Kalavri, J Liagouris, M Hoffmann… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … The output rates of the data sources are continuously monitored outside the reference  system, and the true rates of the operator instances are computed based on system-generated  traces, as we explain in § 4.1. The output of DS2 is the optimal parallelism, ie number of …
Legoos: A disseminated, distributed {OS} for hardware resource disaggregation | Y Shan, Y Huang, Y Chen, Y Zhang - … Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Exokernel: An operating system architecture for applicationlevel resource management.  In Proceedings of the Fifteenth ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Princi- … Decoupling  cores, kernels, and operating systems. In Proceedings of the 11th USENIX Conference on …
Deconstructing RDMA-enabled distributed transactions: Hybrid is better! | X Wei, Z Dong, R Chen, H Chen - … } Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Based on the above studies, we build DrTM+ H, a new hybrid distributed transaction system  that always embraces the optimal RDMA primitives at each phase of transactional execution.  Evaluations using popular OLTP workloads including TPC-C and SmallBank show that …
The benefits and costs of writing a {POSIX} kernel in a high-level language | C Cutler, MF Kaashoek, RT Morris - … } Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … The main thrust of these projects was to explore new ideas in operating system architecture,  often enabled by the use of a type-safe highlevel language. While performance was often  a concern, usually the performance in question related to the new ideas, rather than to the …
Automine: harmonizing high-level abstraction and high performance for graph mining | D Mawhirter, B Wu - … of the 27th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … However, we find that for triangle counting, one of the simplest graph mining problems, such  systems can be several times slower than a … art graph mining systems and the challenges to  address the performance problems. We build AutoMine, a single-machine system to provide …
Taming performance variability | A Maricq, D Duplyakin, I Jimenez, C Maltzahn… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … We install iperf3 from the Ubuntu  package repository, and ping is already bundled with the base operating system. …
{ASAP}: Fast, approximate graph pattern mining at scale | AP Iyer, Z Liu, X Jin, S Venkataraman… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | While there has been a tremendous interest in processing data that has an underlying  graph structure, existing distributed graph processing systems take several minutes or even  hours to mine simple patterns on graphs. This paper presents ASAP, a fast, approximate …
Efficient scalable thread-safety-violation detection: finding thousands of concurrency bugs during testing | G Li, S Lu, M Musuvathi, S Nath, R Padhye - … Symposium on Operating …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … We have designed the system end to end to operate  at this scale. For instance, it is important to design tools that produce little to no false bug reports…
Arachne: Core-aware thread management | H Qin, Q Li, J Speiser, P Kraft… - … } Symposium on Operating …, 2018 - usenix.org | … One of the reasons it is difficult to combine low latency and high throughput is that  applications must manage their parallelism with a virtual resource (threads); they cannot tell the  operating system how many physical resources (cores) they need, and they do not know which …
PipeDream: generalized pipeline parallelism for DNN training | D Narayanan, A Harlap, A Phanishayee… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | DNN training is extremely time-consuming, necessitating efficient multi-accelerator parallelization.  Current approaches to parallelizing training primarily use intra-batch parallelization,  where a single iteration of training is split over the available workers, but suffer from …
Karaoke: Distributed private messaging immune to passive traffic analysis | D Lazar, Y Gilad, N Zeldovich - … } Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | Karaoke is a system for low-latency metadata-private communication. Karaoke provides  differential privacy guarantees, and scales better with the number of users than prior such  systems (Vuvuzela and Stadium). Karaoke achieves high performance by addressing two …
Sprocket: A serverless video processing framework | L Ao, L Izhikevich, GM Voelker, G Porter - … of the ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … content across operations in a highly parallel manner. In this paper we describe the design  and implementation of the Sprocket system on the AWS … Copyrights for components of this  work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy …
Snowboard: Finding Kernel Concurrency Bugs through Systematic Inter-thread Communication Analysis | S Gong, D Altinbüken, P Fonseca… - … Symposium on Operating …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Kernel concurrency bugs are challenging to find because they depend on very specific  thread interleavings and test inputs. While separately exploring kernel thread interleavings  or test inputs has been closely examined, jointly exploring interleavings and test inputs has …
Proving the correct execution of concurrent services in zero-knowledge | S Setty, S Angel, T Gupta, J Lee - … } Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | This paper introduces Spice, a system for building verifiable state machines (VSMs). A VSM is  a request-processing service that produces proofs establishing that requests were executed  correctly according to a specification. Such proofs are succinct (a verifier can check them …
Pollux: Co-adaptive cluster scheduling for goodput-optimized deep learning | A Qiao, SK Choe, SJ Subramanya… - … on Operating Systems …, 2021 - usenix.org | … By monitoring the status of each job during training, Pollux models how their goodput (a  metric we introduce to combine system throughput with statistical efficiency) would change by  adding or removing resources. Pollux dynamically (re-)assigns resources to improve cluster-…
Balm: Qos-aware memory bandwidth partitioning for multi-socket cloud nodes | D Gureya, V Vlassov, J Barreto - … of the 33rd ACM Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | The recent emergence of novel hardware-based resource partitioning mechanisms has  unveiled the opportunity for a new generation of QoS-aware resource allocation approaches for  workload consolidation. Still, to the best of our knowledge, existing proposals are, by design, …
Gandiva: Introspective cluster scheduling for deep learning | W Xiao, R Bhardwaj, R Ramjee, M Sivathanu… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | We introduce Gandiva, a new cluster scheduling framework that utilizes domain-specific  knowledge to improve latency and efficiency of training deep learning models in a GPU cluster.  One key characteristic of deep learning is feedback-driven exploration, where a user often …
Bigdl: A distributed deep learning framework for big data | JJ Dai, Y Wang, X Qiu, D Ding, Y Zhang… - … of the ACM Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise… Discretized streams: fault-tolerant streaming  computation at scale in The Twenty-Fourth ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles…
Putting the" micro" back in microservice | S Boucher, A Kalia, DG Andersen… - 2018 {USENIX} Annual …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Our defense-in-depth comes from using lightweight operating-system protections to block  access to certain system calls, as well as the proposed mechanisms in Section 6. Some system  … In Proceedings of the 26th ACM symposium on operating systems principles, SOSP ’17, …
Noria: dynamic, partially-stateful data-flow for high-performance web applications | J Gjengset, M Schwarzkopf, J Behrens… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | We introduce partially-stateful data-flow, a new streaming data-flow model that supports eviction  and reconstruction of data-flow state on demand. By avoiding state explosion and supporting  live changes to the data-flow graph, this model makes data-flow viable for building long-…
Finding crash-consistency bugs with bounded black-box crash testing | J Mohan, A Martinez, S Ponnapalli, P Raju… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … in Linux file systems in the last five years. We observed that most reported bugs can be  reproduced using small workloads of three or fewer file-system operations on a newly-created  file system, and that all reported bugs result from crashes after fsync() related system calls. We …
Characterizing co-located datacenter workloads: An alibaba case study | Y Cheng, Z Chai, A Anwar - … the 9th Asia-Pacific Workshop on Systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise… In Proceedings of the Nineteenth ACM  Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (New York, NY, USA, 2003), SOSP ’03, ACM, pp. 164…
Cirrus: A serverless framework for end-to-end ml workflows | J Carreira, P Fonseca, A Tumanov, A Zhang… - … of the ACM Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … This section discusses the major limitations of  existing serverless environments and the impact they have for machine learning systems. …
Embedded deep learning for vehicular edge computing | J Hochstetler, R Padidela, Q Chen… - … IEEE/ACM Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … operating systems and processing power. Index Terms—Edge computing, Deep learning,  Embedded computing, Object detection, Vehicular system. … Artificial neural networks (ANNs),  or connectionist systems, are computing systems vaguely inspired by the biological neural …
Ansor: Generating high-performance tensor programs for deep learning | L Zheng, C Jia, M Sun, Z Wu, CH Yu, A Haj-Ali… - … on Operating Systems …, 2020 - usenix.org | High-performance tensor programs are crucial to guarantee efficient execution of deep neural  networks. However, obtaining performant tensor programs for different operators on various  hardware platforms is notoriously challenging. Currently, deep learning systems rely on …
Fail-slow at scale: Evidence of hardware performance faults in large production systems | HS Gunawi, RO Suminto, R Sears, C Golliher… - ACM Transactions on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is … System architects, designers, and developers can fault-inject their  systems with all the root causes reported in this article to evaluate the robustness of their systems…
Who limits the resource efficiency of my datacenter: An analysis of alibaba datacenter traces | J Guo, Z Chang, S Wang, H Ding… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to … Overall, we believe our  findings will be applicable to system designers and provide broad visibility for future research. …
SplitFS: Reducing software overhead in file systems for persistent memory | R Kadekodi, SK Lee, S Kashyap, T Kim, A Kolli… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … This paper presents SplitFS, a PM file system that seeks to reduce software overhead …  system handles data operations while a kernel PM file system (ext4 DAX) handles metadata  operations. We refer to all file system operations that modify file metadata as metadata operations. …
Sharing, protection, and compatibility for reconfigurable fabric with amorphos | A Khawaja, J Landgraf, R Prakash, M Wei… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … fpga operating system optimized for vision  computing (abstract only). In Proceedings of the 2015 ACM/SIGDA International Symposium on …
Architectural implications of function-as-a-service computing | M Shahrad, J Balkind, D Wentzlaff - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … it can help the reader to better relate the findings of this work to broader system trade-offs.  OpenWhisk uses Docker containers [15] without … ,” in Proceedings of the ACM Symposium on  Cloud Computing, SoCC ’18, (New York, NY, USA), pp. 263–274, ACM, 2018. [19] L. Feng, P. …
{REPT}: Reverse debugging of failures in deployed software | W Cui, X Ge, B Kasikci, B Niu, U Sharma… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Online Data Capture: We choose to only rely on the data in a memory dump rather than  logging more data during execution to minimize the performance overhead for deployed systems.  Furthermore, to do online data capture, we would need to modify the operating system or …
Kvell: the design and implementation of a fast persistent key-value store | B Lepers, O Balmau, K Gupta… - … Symposium on Operating …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … LOCS [47], BlueCache [51], and NVMKV [32] are  efficient KVs on SSDs that expose FTL operations to the operating system. Such SSDs are rare …
Parties: Qos-aware resource partitioning for multiple interactive services | S Chen, C Delimitrou, JF Martínez - … Languages and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … In this paper, we present PARTIES (PARTitioning  for multiple InteractivE Services), a cloud runtime system that allows two or more LC services to …
Snap: A microkernel approach to host networking | M Marty, M de Kruijf, J Adriaens, C Alfeld… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … where traditional operating system functionality is hoisted into ordinary userspace processes.  However, unlike prior microkernel systems, … • Any practical evolution of operating system  architecture requires interoperability with existing kernel network functions and application …
Stratus: Cost-aware container scheduling in the public cloud | A Chung, JW Park, GR Ganger - Proceedings of the ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on servers … In Proceedings  of the ACM SIGOPS 22nd symposium on Operating systems principles. ACM, 261–276. …
Morton filters: faster, space-efficient cuckoo filters via biasing, compression, and decoupled logical sparsity | AD Breslow, NS Jayasena - Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Approximate set membership data structures (ASMDSs) are ubiquitous in computing. They  trade a tunable, often small, error rate (ϵ) for large space savings. The canonical ASMDS is  the Bloom filter, which supports lookups and insertions but not deletions in its simplest form. …
Delay-free concurrency on faulty persistent memory | N Ben-David, GE Blelloch, M Friedman… - The 31st ACM Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We assume that this is done by the operating system. We further assume that each process  is assigned the same virtual address space as it was before the crash. These two assumptions  together ensure that each process receives the same physical address space before and …
R2P2: Making RPCs first-class datacenter citizens | M Kogias, G Prekas, A Ghosn, J Fietz… - 2019 {USENIX} Annual …, 2019 - usenix.org | … For this, we compare R2P2 with JBSQ with the performance of ZygOS [76], a state-ofthe-art  system optimized for µs-scale, multicore computing that includes a work-conserving scheduler  within a specialized operating system. ZygOS relies on work-stealing across idle cores and …
TASO: optimizing deep learning computation with automatic generation of graph substitutions | Z Jia, O Padon, J Thomas, T Warszawski… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the 27th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles: TASO: optimizing  deep learning computation with automatic … Copyrights for components of this work owned  by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, …
Overload control for scaling wechat microservices | H Zhou, M Chen, Q Lin, Y Wang, X She, S Liu… - … of the ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … For a stand-alone service, overload control is  primarily targeted at the operating system, service runtime and applications [2, 24, 29]. For …
The complexity of (Δ+ 1) coloring in congested clique, massively parallel computation, and centralized local computation | YJ Chang, M Fischer, M Ghaffari, J Uitto… - … 2019 ACM Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish… In 2019 ACM Symposium on  Principles of Distributed Computing (PODC ’19), July 29-August 2, 2019, Toronto, ON, Canada. …
Multi-query optimization in wide-area streaming analytics | A Jonathan, A Chandra, J Weissman - … of the ACM symposium on cloud …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with … a system prototype based on Apache Flink [13] - a stream processing system  with the dataflow computational model. We have modified and adapted the original Flink system …
{ACES}: Automatic compartments for embedded systems | AA Clements, NS Almakhdhub, S Bagchi… - … } Security Symposium  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Many of these “things” are vulnerable baremetal embedded systems where the application  executes directly on hardware without an operating system. Unfortunately, the integrity of  current systems may be compromised by a single vulnerability, as recently shown by Google’s …
Finding semantic bugs in file systems with an extensible fuzzing framework | S Kim, M Xu, S Kashyap, J Yoon, W Xu… - … Symposium on Operating …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | File systems are too large to be bug free. Although handwritten test suites have been widely  used to stress file systems, they can hardly keep up with the rapid increase in file system size  and complexity, leading to new bugs being introduced and reported regularly. These bugs …
Continuum: A platform for cost-aware, low-latency continual learning | H Tian, M Yu, W Wang - Proceedings of the ACM Symposium on Cloud …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy … , the only system that supports (offline) model retraining  to our knowledge. With the same movie recommendation app implemented in both systems, …
Hot-stuff the linear, optimal-resilience, one-message BFT devil | I Abraham, G Gueta, D Malkhi - CoRR, abs/1803.05069, 2018 - allquantor.at | We describe a protocol called ‘Hot-Stuff the Linear, Optimal-Resilience, One-Message BFT  Devil’(in short, Hot-Stuff) for n= 3f+ 1 replicas, of which 2f+ 1 are honest, to agree on a  replicated, ever-changing state. The protocol is always safe against a threshold f of Byzantine …
The computing landscape of the 21st century | M Satyanarayanan, W Gao, B Lucia - … on Mobile Computing Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | This paper shows how today's complex computing landscape can be understood in simple  terms through a 4-tier model. Each tier represents a distinct and stable set of design constraints  that dominate attention at that tier. There are typically many alternative implementations of …
Sbft: a scalable and decentralized trust infrastructure | GG Gueta, I Abraham, S Grossman… - … dependable systems …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The main contribution of this paper is a BFT system that is optimized to work over a group of  hundreds of replicas in a world-scale deployment. We evaluate our system, SBFT, in a  world-scale geo-replicated deployment with 209 replicas withstanding f=64 Byzantine failures. We …
SifrDB: A unified solution for write-optimized key-value stores in large datacenter | F Mei, Q Cao, H Jiang, J Li - Proceedings of the ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … their enabling mechanisms and classify them into two models of data structures facilitating  KV operations, namely, the multi-stage tree (MS-tree) as … Copyrights for components of this  work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy …
Scaling symbolic evaluation for automated verification of systems code with Serval | L Nelson, J Bornholt, R Gu, A Baumann… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | This paper presents Serval, a framework for developing automated verifiers for systems  software. Serval provides an extensible infrastructure for creating verifiers by lifting interpreters  under symbolic evaluation, and a systematic approach to identifying and repairing verification …
Robinhood: Tail latency aware caching--dynamic reallocation from cache-rich to cache-poor | DS Berger, B Berg, T Zhu, S Sen… - … Symposium on Operating …, 2018 - usenix.org | … We implement1 and extensively evaluate the RobinHood system along with several  research and production caching systems. Our 50-server testbed includes 20 backend systems  that are modeled after the 20 most queried backends from Microsoft’s OneRF production …
Performance and protection in the ZoFS user-space NVM file system | M Dong, H Bu, J Yi, B Dong, H Chen - … ACM Symposium on Operating …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … permissions within the same directory and permission changes are rare operations, this  paper proposes a new abstraction called coffer, … example file system called ZoFS, we show  that user-space file systems built upon coffers can outperform existing NVM file systems in both …
Recipe: Converting concurrent DRAM indexes to persistent-memory indexes | SK Lee, J Mohan, S Kashyap, T Kim… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | We present Recipe, a principled approach for converting concurrent DRAM indexes into  crash-consistent indexes for persistent memory (PM). The main insight behind Recipe is that  isolation provided by a certain class of concurrent in-memory indexes can be translated with …
Qasmbench: A low-level qasm benchmark suite for nisq evaluation and simulation | A Li, S Stein, S Krishnamoorthy, J Ang - arXiv preprint arXiv:2005.13018, 2020 - arxiv.org | … In Proceedings of the twenty-eighth annual ACM symposium on Theory of computing, pages  212–219, 1996. … In Proceedings of the thirty-seventh annual ACM symposium on Theory of  computing, pages 468–474, 2005. [58] Aram W Harrow, Avinatan Hassidim, and Seth Lloyd. …
Distributed hierarchical gpu parameter server for massive scale deep learning ads systems | W Zhao, D Xie, R Jia, Y Qian, R Ding, M Sun… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … RDMA enables zero-copy network communication—it allows the network card to transfer  data from a device memory directly to another device memory without copying data between  the device memory and the data buffers in the operating system. Our RDMA hardware design …
Cloudburst: Stateful functions-as-a-service | V Sreekanti, C Wu, XC Lin, J Schleier-Smith… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … In Proceedings of the nineteenth annual ACM symposium on Theory of computing,  pages 230–240. ACM, 1987. … In Proceedings of the twenty-sixth annual ACM symposium  on Principles of distributed computing, pages 398–407. …
Blockchain transaction processing | S Gupta, M Sadoghi - arXiv preprint arXiv:2107.11592, 2021 - arxiv.org | … Permissioned Blockchain systems are the restricted variant of public blockchain systems.  These systems enlist few nodes as the members with equal rights, that is each node part of  the system can form a block. These …
Using Scopus's CiteScore for assessing the quality of computer science conferences | LI Meho - Journal of Informetrics, 2019 - Elsevier | Publication, hiring, promotion, tenure, and funding decisions in computer science often  depend on an accurate assessment of the quality of conferences. This study reviews relevant  literature and tests Scopus’s CiteScore database and method for evaluating the quality of 395 …
State-aware anomaly detection for industrial control systems | HR Ghaeini, D Antonioli, F Brasser… - … ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … , our system provides: (i) estimation of system state from the knowledge of the network and  the physical process (ii) a state-aware cumulative sum of residuals for monitoring the industrial  control system (… Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be …
Fast and secure global payments with Stellar | M Lokhava, G Losa, D Mazières, G Hoare… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | International payments are slow and expensive, in part because of multi-hop payment routing  through heterogeneous banking systems. Stellar is a new global payment network that can  directly transfer digital money anywhere in the world in seconds. The key innovation is a …
Mining positive and negative attribute-based access control policy rules | P Iyer, A Masoumzadeh - Proceedings of the 23nd ACM on Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … XACML), and implementations (such as operating systems and databases) support negative  authorization as well as positive authorization. … Negative authorizations have been also  supported in products such as operating systems [21], web servers [1], and database systems [2]. …
SoK: Consensus in the age of blockchains | S Bano, A Sonnino, M Al-Bassam, S Azouvi… - … of the 1st ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … term for systems that replace PoW with more useful  and energy-efficient alternatives. In the next two sections, we look at hybrid systems based on …
Peregrine: a pattern-aware graph mining system | K Jamshidi, R Mahadasa, K Vora - … Conference on Computer Systems, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … In this paper, we take a ‘pattern-first’  approach towards building an efficient graph mining system. We develop PEREGRINE 1, a pattern-…
Videoedge: Processing camera streams using hierarchical clusters | CC Hung, G Ananthanarayanan… - … /ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Organizations deploy a hierarchy of clusters - cameras, private clusters, public clouds - for  analyzing live video feeds from their cameras. Video analytics queries have many implementation  options which impact their resource demands and accuracy of outputs. Our objective is …
Graviton: Trusted execution environments on gpus | S Volos, K Vaswani, R Bruno - … } Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … We consider a strong adversary who controls the entire system software, including the  device drivers, the guest operating system, and the hypervisor, and has physical access to all  server hardware, including the GPU. Clearly, such an adversary can read and tamper with code …
Unikernels as processes | D Williams, R Koller, M Lucina, N Prakash - … of the ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Many modern operating systems have a notion of system call whitelisting allowing processes  to transition into a mode with a more restricted system call interface available to them. For  example, Linux has seccomp [24], OpenBSD has pledge [39], and FreeBSD has capsicum [46]…
Conceptual framework for the security of mobile health applications on android platform | M Hussain, AA Zaidan, BB Zidan, S Iqbal… - Telematics and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … mHealth apps operate on mobile platforms, and because the Android operating system is  chosen as the target platform in this article, there … mHealth apps operate on mobile platforms,  and because the Android operating system is chosen as the target platform in this study, there …
The {CASE} of {FEMU}: Cheap, accurate, scalable and extensible flash emulator | H Li, M Hao, MH Tong, S Sundararaman… - … } Conference on File …, 2018 - usenix.org | … However, simulators do not support running applications and operating systems. … on  Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS), 2009. …  In Proceedings of the 26th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP), 2017. …
Neural adaptive content-aware internet video delivery | H Yeo, Y Jung, J Kim, J Shin, D Han - … Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … We evaluate NAS using a full system implementation. Our evaluation on 27 real videos and 17.8  hours of realworld network … system components. In summary, we make three key contributions:  ◦ End-to-end video delivery system: NAS is an end-toend video streaming system that …
{SPEICHER}: Securing lsm-based key-value stores using shielded execution | M Bailleu, J Thalheim, P Bhatotia, C Fetzer… - … } Conference on File …, 2019 - usenix.org | … The I/O library performs the I/O operations without exiting the secure enclave; thus it avoids  expensive system calls on the data path. • … Controlled-channel attacks: Deterministic side  channels for untrusted operating systems. In Proceedings of the 36th IEEE Symposium on …
There's plenty of room at the Top: What will drive computer performance after Moore's law? | CE Leiserson, NC Thompson, JS Emer… - …, 2020 - science.sciencemag.org | BACKGROUND Improvements in computing power can claim a large share of the credit for  many of the things that we take for granted in our modern lives: cellphones that are more  powerful than room-sized computers from 25 years ago, internet access for nearly half the world, …
Lazygraph: lazy data coherency for replicas in distributed graph-parallel computation | L Wang, L Zhuang, J Chen, H Cui, F Lv, Y Liu… - ACM SIGPLAN …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Based on PowerGraph, we develop a distributed graph processing system LazyGraph to  implement the LazyAsync approach and exploit graph-… Copyrights for components of this  work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy …
IoT ecosystem: A survey on devices, gateways, operating systems, middleware and communication | S Bansal, D Kumar - International Journal of Wireless Information …, 2020 - Springer | … This section of the paper proposes the taxonomy of IoT starting from low-end devices to the  IoT application featuring IoT devices, operating system, communication interfaces and  networks, middleware, platform defining their capabilities that give a significant impact on end to …
File systems unfit as distributed storage backends: lessons from 10 years of Ceph evolution | A Aghayev, S Weil, M Kuchnik, M Nelson… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the 27th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles: File systems unfit  as distributed storage backends: lesso … Stonebraker, after building the INGRES database  for a decade, noted that “operating systems offer all things to all people at much higher …
Andromeda: Performance, isolation, and velocity at scale in cloud network virtualization | M Dalton, D Schultz, J Adriaens, A Arefin… - … {USENIX} Symposium …, 2018 - usenix.org | This paper presents our design and experience with Andromeda, Google Cloud Platform’s  network virtualization stack. Our production deployment poses several challenging requirements,  including performance isolation among customer virtual networks, scalability, rapid …
Razzer: Finding kernel race bugs through fuzzing | DR Jeong, K Kim, B Shivakumar… - 2019 IEEE Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Applying RAZZER for Other Systems. We believe it would not be challenging to apply  RAZZER for other modern operating systems, such as Windows, MacOSX, FreeBSD, as long  as their source code is available. The only place that RAZZER leverages Linux-specific domain …
A case for serverless machine learning | J Carreira, P Fonseca, A Tumanov… - … on Systems for ML and …, 2018 - cs.purdue.edu | … To evaluate the need for a system specialized both for ML and serverless, we compare  the performance of two systems, each specialized along a different dimension: PyWren [9]  and Bosen [13]. PyWren is a map-reduce framework specialized for serverless architectures. …
OneFile: A wait-free persistent transactional memory | P Ramalhete, A Correia, P Felber… - … Dependable Systems …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … These results highlight the importance of waitfreedom for tail latency, a relevant characteristic  for network operating systems and other soft real-time … rithm design,” in Proceedings  of the sixteenth annual ACM symposium on Parallelism in algorithms and architectures. …
The express data path: Fast programmable packet processing in the operating system kernel | T Høiland-Jørgensen, JD Brouer, D Borkmann… - Proceedings of the 14th …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … As an alternative to the kernel bypass design, we present a system that adds programmability  directly in the operating system networking stack in a cooperative way. This makes it  possible to perform high-speed packet processing that integrates seamlessly with existing …
Nexus: a GPU cluster engine for accelerating DNN-based video analysis | H Shen, L Chen, Y Jin, L Zhao, B Kong… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | We address the problem of serving Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) efficiently from a cluster of  GPUs. In order to realize the promise of very low-cost processing made by accelerators such  as GPUs, it is essential to run them at sustained high utilization. Doing so requires cluster-…
Ray: A distributed framework for emerging {AI} applications | P Moritz, R Nishihara, S Wang, A Tumanov… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | The next generation of AI applications will continuously interact with the environment and  learn from these interactions. These applications impose new and demanding systems  requirements, both in terms of performance and flexibility. In this paper, we consider these …
Service mesh: Challenges, state of the art, and future research opportunities | W Li, Y Lemieux, J Gao, Z Zhao… - … Service-Oriented System …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | While the technology development towards microservices can significantly improve the speed  and agility of software service delivery, it also raises the operational complexity associated  with modern applications. This has led to the emergence of Service Mesh, a promising …
Asynchronous I/O stack: A low-latency kernel I/O stack for ultra-low latency SSDs | G Lee, S Shin, W Song, TJ Ham, JW Lee… - 2019 {USENIX} Annual …, 2019 - usenix.org | … Traditionally, the operating system (OS) is in charge of managing storage and providing file  abstractions to applications. To make the kernel more suitable for fast storage devices, many  prior work proposed various solutions to reduce the I/O stack overheads. Examples of such …
Fault tolerance in iterative-convergent machine learning | A Qiao, B Aragam, B Zhang… - … Conference on Machine …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … for designing robust training systems for unreliable environments, as follows: (A) The execution  system allows certain environmental faults … On the systems side, we proposed Theorem  3.1 primarily as a tool for analyzing existing systems and guiding the design of new systems. …
Lip-interact: Improving mobile device interaction with silent speech commands | K Sun, C Yu, W Shi, L Liu, Y Shi - … of the 31st Annual ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Our system supports 44 commands for accessing both system-level functionalities (launching  apps, changing system settings, and … Copyrights for components of this work owned by  others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or …
Vegvisir: A partition-tolerant blockchain for the internet-of-things | K Karlsson, W Jiang, S Wicker, D Adams… - … Computing Systems …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | While the intersection of blockchains and the Internet of Things (IoT) have received considerable  research interest lately, Nakamoto-style blockchains possess a number of qualities that  make them poorly suited for many IoT scenarios. Specifically, they require high network …
Data provenance to audit compliance with privacy policy in the Internet of Things | T Pasquier, J Singh, J Powles, D Eyers… - Personal and Ubiquitous …, 2018 - Springer | Managing privacy in the IoT presents a significant challenge. We make the case that  information obtained by auditing the flows of data can assist in demonstrating that the systems  handling personal data satisfy regulatory and user requirements. Thus, components handling …
Causal consistency and latency optimality: friend or foe? | D Didona, R Guerraoui, J Wang… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … Experiments run for 90 seconds, and clients issue operations in closed loop. We generate  different loads for the system by spawning different numbers of client threads (starting from  one thread per client machine). We have run each experiment up to 5 times, with minimal …
{TVM}: An automated end-to-end optimizing compiler for deep learning | T Chen, T Moreau, Z Jiang, L Zheng, E Yan… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … Open access to the Proceedings of the  13th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation is sponsored by …
Iron: Isolating network-based {CPU} in container environments | J Khalid, E Rozner, W Felter, C Xu… - … {USENIX} Symposium …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Because containers share components of the underlying operating system (OS), it is critical  the OS provides resource isolation to the container’s assigned resources, such as CPU, disk,  network bandwidth, and memory. Currently, control groups (or cgroups) in Linux [3] enable …
Self-powered gesture recognition with ambient light | Y Li, T Li, RA Patel, XD Yang, X Zhou - … the 31st Annual ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on servers … Proceedings  of the 25th annual ACM symposium on User interface software and technology - UIST ’12: …
Unblind your apps: Predicting natural-language labels for mobile gui components by deep learning | J Chen, C Chen, Z Xing, X Xu, L Zhut… - 2020 IEEE/ACM 42nd …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Users with vision impairment can adopt the screen reader embedded in the mobile operating  systems to read the content of each screen within the app, and use gestures to interact with  the phone. However, the prerequisite of using screen readers is that developers have to add …
Towards executing computer vision functionality on programmable network devices | R Glebke, J Krude, I Kunze, J Rüth, F Senger… - … of the 1st ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … By partially offloading processing steps to network elements and thus avoiding overheads  introduced by multi-hop paths and network stacks of operating systems, the applicability of  In-Network Processing (INP) has already been shown to be beneficial for network management-…
Tensorscone: A secure tensorflow framework using intel sgx | R Kunkel, DL Quoc, F Gregor, S Arnautov… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … The shields apply at each location where an application would usually trust the operating  system, such as when using sockets or writing files to disk. The shields perform sanity checks  on data passed from operating system to enclave to prevent Iago attacks [21]. More specifically…
Universal context propagation for distributed system instrumentation | J Mace, R Fonseca - Proceedings of the Thirteenth EuroSys Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Using the ve propagation operations above, we have instrumented several open-source  distributed systems to propagate baggage … where these operations happen depend on the  instrumented system and its concurrency structure, the semantics of the operations, especially …
Flare: Optimizing apache spark with native compilation for scale-up architectures and medium-size data | G Essertel, R Tahboub, J Decker, K Brown… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … However, such systems are full database  systems, not just query engines, and would require data to be stored in a separate, internal format …
Strawberry fields: A software platform for photonic quantum computing | N Killoran, J Izaac, N Quesada, V Bergholm, M Amy… - Quantum, 2019 - quantum-journal.org | We introduce Strawberry Fields, an open-source quantum programming architecture for light-based  quantum computers, and detail its key features. Built in Python, Strawberry Fields is a full-stack  library for design, simulation, optimization, and quantum machine learning of …
Resilientdb: Global scale resilient blockchain fabric | S Gupta, S Rahnama, J Hellings, M Sadoghi - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | Recent developments in blockchain technology have inspired innovative new designs in  resilient distributed and database systems. At their core, these blockchain applications typically  use Byzantine fault-tolerant consensus protocols to maintain a common state across all …
Aibox: Ctr prediction model training on a single node | W Zhao, J Zhang, D Xie, Y Qian, R Jia, P Li - … of the 28th ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … The push Sparse Table operator keeps creating small files on SSDs while native file  systems on modern operating systems, eg, ext4 [39] and XFS [54], are not designed for  handling many small files. The large number of file metadata overwhelms those file …
Towards a serverless platform for edge {AI} | T Rausch, W Hummer, V Muthusamy… - … {USENIX} Workshop on …, 2019 - usenix.org | … In this paper, we present a serverless platform to build and operate edge AI applications in  edge cloud systems. Based on scenarios adapted from real-world use cases, we first outline  the challenges for building and operating AI applications in such edge cloud systems. We …
Towards an unwritten contract of intel optane {SSD} | K Wu, A Arpaci-Dusseau… - … Storage and File Systems  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … We have two audiences in mind; first, those who design systems for Optane SSD; second,  those who combine Flash and Optane in a hybrid setting. The Random Access is … What does  this richer hierarchy mean for the operating system [13], the file system [27], and applications? …
Amdahl's law for tail latency | C Delimitrou, C Kozyrakis - Communications of the ACM, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Optimizing for tail latency is already changing the way we build operating systems, cluster  managers, and data services.,8 This article investigates how the focus on tail latency affects  hardware designs, including what types of processor cores to build, how much chip area to …
An efficient memory-mapped key-value store for flash storage | A Papagiannis, G Saloustros… - … of the ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with … the system call interface that is expensive for fine-grain operations and requires  data copies for crossing the user-kernel boundary. In our work, we find that cache and system …
Graph games and reactive synthesis | R Bloem, K Chatterjee, B Jobstmann - Handbook of Model Checking, 2018 - Springer | Graph-based games are an important tool in computer science. They have applications in  synthesis, verification, refinement, and far beyond. We review graph-based games with  objectives on infinite plays. We give definitions and algorithms to solve the games and to give a …
ACHyb: a hybrid analysis approach to detect kernel access control vulnerabilities | Y Hu, W Wang, C Hunger, R Wood, S Khurshid… - … and Symposium on the …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Access control is essential for the Operating System (OS) security. Incorrect implementation  of access control can introduce new attack surfaces to the OS, known as Kernel Access Control  Vulnerabilities (KACVs). To understand KACVs, we conduct our study on the root causes …
SGX-LKL: Securing the host OS interface for trusted execution | C Priebe, D Muthukumaran, J Lind, H Zhu… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … our design of a TEE runtime system with a desired secure host interface, and then decide  on the necessary system support inside the TEE. … We describe SGX-LKL, a new TEE runtime  system that executes unmodified Linux binaries inside SGX enclaves while exposing a minimal…
Datacenter RPCs can be general and fast | A Kalia, M Kaminsky, D Andersen - … } Symposium on Networked Systems …, 2019 - usenix.org | … Our goal is to allow developers to use eRPC in unmodi ed systems. We use as test-cases  two existing … IX: A protected dataplane operating system for high throughput and low latency.  In 11th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI 14), …
A survey of software quality for machine learning applications | S Masuda, K Ono, T Yasue… - 2018 IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Machine learning (ML) is now widespread. Traditional software engineering can be applied  to the development ML applications. However, we have to consider specific problems with ML  applications in therms of their quality. In this paper, we present a survey of software quality …
Optimal parallel algorithms in the binary-forking model | GE Blelloch, JT Fineman, Y Gu, Y Sun - … of the 32nd ACM Symposium on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | In this paper we develop optimal algorithms in the binary-forking model for a variety of  fundamental problems, including sorting, semisorting, list ranking, tree contraction, range  minima, and ordered set union, intersection and difference. In the binary-forking model, tasks can …
Commodity single board computer clusters and their applications | SJ Johnston, PJ Basford, CS Perkins, H Herry… - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Current commodity Single Board Computers (SBCs) are sufficiently powerful to run  mainstream operating systems and workloads. Many of these boards may be linked together,  to create small, low-cost clusters that replicate some features of large data center clusters. The …
Weighted matchings via unweighted augmentations | B Gamlath, S Kale, S Mitrovic, O Svensson - … the 2019 ACM Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 46th ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing, STOC 2014, New  York, NY, USA, May 31–June 3, 2014. 574–583. https://doi.org/10.1145/… In Proceedings  of the nineteenth annual ACM symposium on Theory of computing. ACM, 345–354. …
Fpsa: A full system stack solution for reconfigurable reram-based nn accelerator architecture | Y Ji, Y Zhang, X Xie, S Li, P Wang, X Hu… - … and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … a full system stack solution, composed of a reconfigurable architecture design, Field Programmable  Synapse Array (FPSA) and its software system including neural synthesizer, temporal-to-spatial  mapper, and placement & routing. We highly leverage the software system to …
Endurable transient inconsistency in byte-addressable persistent b+-tree | D Hwang, WH Kim, Y Won, B Nam - 16th {USENIX} Conference on File …, 2018 - usenix.org | With the emergence of byte-addressable persistent memory (PM), a cache line, instead of a  page, is expected to be the unit of data transfer between volatile and nonvolatile devices, but  the failure-atomicity of write operations is guaranteed in the granularity of 8 bytes rather than …
Analysis and evaluation of dynamic feature-based malware detection methods | AG Kakisim, M Nar, N Carkaci, I Sogukpinar - International Conference on …, 2018 - Springer | … We select samples of malware and benign files which run in windows operating systems.  We created some metamorphic malwares known as Next Generation Virus construction kit (NGVCK),  Phalcon-Skism Mass-Produced Code Generator (PSMPC), Generation Virus …
Metaarms: Body remapping using feet-controlled artificial arms | MHDY Saraiji, T Sasaki, K Kunze… - … ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … We think that the adaptation time of operating  the robotic arms is highly relevant to system’s operation speed and response (current system …
Neugraph: parallel deep neural network computation on large graphs | L Ma, Z Yang, Y Miao, J Xue, M Wu, L Zhou… - 2019 {USENIX} Annual …, 2019 - usenix.org | … We therefore advocate bridging deep learning systems and graph processing systems to  enable a new framework for scalable GNN training. In this paper, we explore the design of a …  The installed operating system is Ubuntu 16.04, using the libraries CUDA 9.0 and cuDNN 7.0. …
Bi-3D: Bi-Manual Pen-and-Touch Interaction for 3D Manipulation on Tablets | K Pfeuffer, A Dinc, J Obernolte, R Rivu… - … ACM Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Tablets are attractive for design work anywhere, but 3D manipulations are notoriously difficult.  We explore how engaging the stylus and multi-touch in concert can render such tasks easier.  We introduce Bi-3D, an interaction concept where touch gestures are combined with 2D …
{SOCK}: Rapid task provisioning with serverless-optimized containers | E Oakes, L Yang, D Zhou, K Houck, T Harter… - 2018 {USENIX} Annual …, 2018 - usenix.org | Serverless computing promises to provide applications with cost savings and extreme  elasticity. Unfortunately, slow application and container initialization can hurt common-case  latency on serverless platforms. In this work, we analyze Linux container primitives, identifying …
CBF: Circular binary features for robust and real-time pupil center detection | W Fuhl, D Geisler, T Santini, T Appel… - … 2018 ACM symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise… In Proceedings of the ACM symposium  on Virtual reality software and technology. ACM, 1–8. Wolfgang Fuhl, Thomas Kübler, Katrin Sippel…
Congestion mitigation in densely crowded environments for augmenting qos in vehicular clouds | M Aloqaily, V Balasubramanian, F Zaman… - … 8th ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … For all conducted simulations, a 4GB  RAM on a Linux operating system has been used. For resource allocation procedures, we use a …
Write-optimized and high-performance hashing index scheme for persistent memory | P Zuo, Y Hua, J Wu - 13th {USENIX} Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … logging or CoW operations, significantly  decreasing the system performance. Hence, write reduction matters in NVM. Previous work [22…
Mlperf training benchmark | P Mattson, C Cheng, C Coleman, G Diamos… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … A system description includes both the hardware (number of nodes, processor and accelerator  counts and types, storage per node, and network interconnect) and the software (operating  system as well as libraries and their versions). A training-session log file contains a variety …
StreamBox-TZ: secure stream analytics at the edge with TrustZone | H Park, S Zhai, L Lu, FX Lin - 2019 {USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2019 - usenix.org | … Overshadow: A virtualization-based approach to retrofitting protection in commodity  operating systems. In Proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Architectural  Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS), 2008. …
Flashshare: Punching through server storage stack from kernel to firmware for ultra-low latency ssds | J Zhang, M Kwon, D Gouk, S Koh, C Lee… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | A modern datacenter server aims to achieve high energy efficiency by co-running multiple  applications. Some of such applications (eg, web search) are latency sensitive. Therefore,  they require low-latency I/O services to fast respond to requests from clients. However, we …
Blockchain-based database in an IoT environment: challenges, opportunities, and analysis | L Tseng, X Yao, S Otoum, M Aloqaily, Y Jararweh - Cluster Computing, 2020 - Springer | … consistency models that are heavily used in practical distributed storage systems like  Microsoft Pileus system [14] and Amazon Dynamo storage system [34]. This paper focuses on  the consistency defined for key-value storage systems that provide two operations: Get and Put. …
Adaptive dynamic checkpointing for safe efficient intermittent computing | K Maeng, B Lucia - 13th {USENIX} Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Chinchilla is a software system that uses a novel, adaptive checkpointing scheme to make  software on an intermittently-operating system execute correctly and efficiently. Chinchilla  statically overprovisions code with potential checkpoints and dynamically deactivates un…
{INSIDER}: Designing in-storage computing system for emerging high-performance drive | Z Ruan, T He, J Cong - 2019 {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2019 - usenix.org | … For the host programmer, we introduce virtual file abstraction to abstract ISC as file  operations; this hides the existence of the drive … The feniks fpga operating system for cloud  computing. In Proceedings of the 8th Asia-Pacific Workshop on Systems, APSys ’17, pages 22:1…
An empirical guide to the behavior and use of scalable persistent memory | J Yang, J Kim, M Hoseinzadeh, J Izraelevitz… - … } Conference on File …, 2020 - usenix.org | … In this section, we provide background on Intel’s Optane DIMM, describe the test system,  and then describe the configurations we use throughout the rest of the paper. … The CPU and  operating system simply see the Optane DIMM as a larger (volatile) portion of main memory. …
Single machine graph analytics on massive datasets using intel optane DC persistent memory | G Gill, R Dathathri, L Hoang, R Peri… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | Intel Optane DC Persistent Memory (Optane PMM) is a new kind of byte-addressable  memory with higher density and lower cost than DRAM. This enables the design of affordable  systems that support up to 6TB of randomly accessible memory. In this paper, we present key …
{PRETZEL}: Opening the black box of machine learning prediction serving systems | Y Lee, A Scolari, BG Chun, MD Santambrogio… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … Open access to the Proceedings of the  13th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation is sponsored by …
Softsku: Optimizing server architectures for microservice diversity@ scale | A Sriraman, A Dhanotia, TF Wenisch - … the 46th International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We report relative throughput (MIPS) gains over cores operating at 1.6 GHz. Our production  systems have a fixed CPU power budget that is shared between the core and uncore (eg,  LLC, memory and QPI controller, etc.) CPU components. The current production configuration …
Pytorch distributed: Experiences on accelerating data parallel training | S Li, Y Zhao, R Varma, O Salpekar, P Noordhuis… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … Parity models: Erasure-coded resilience for prediction serving systems. In Proceedings of  the 27th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, SOSP 19, … In Proceedings of the  27th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, pages 1–15, 2019. [30] A. Paszke, S. …
Optimus: an efficient dynamic resource scheduler for deep learning clusters | Y Peng, Y Bao, Y Chen, C Wu, C Guo - Proceedings of the Thirteenth …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … query size and profiling hardware, while we use  high-level system modeling approach without the knowledge about hardware or the internal details …
Simd-x: Programming and processing of graph algorithms on gpus | H Liu, HH Huang - … } Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX}{ATC} 19), 2019 - usenix.org | … We intend to exploit various thread scheduling options to better tackle workload imbalance  [41, 77], while minimizing the overhead with regards to atomic operations on GPUs [46]. Table  1 summarizes the designs of recent GPU-based graph analytics systems. To avoid wasting …
DAWG: A defense against cache timing attacks in speculative execution processors | V Kiriansky, I Lebedev, S Amarasinghe… - … Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We describe how DAWG can be implemented on a processor with minimal modifications to  modern operating systems. We describe a noninterference property that is orthogonal to  speculative execution and therefore argue that existing attacks such as Spectre Variant 1 and 2 …
The consensus number of a cryptocurrency | R Guerraoui, P Kuznetsov, M Monti… - … 2019 ACM Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish… In 2019 ACM Symposium on  Principles of Distributed Computing (PODC’19), July 29–August 2, 2019, Toronto, ON, Canada. …
A survey on NoSQL stores | A Davoudian, L Chen, M Liu - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … Likewise, sequential consistency enforces  a total ordering of all operations in a nontransactional system, along with providing a single, …
Contact tracing mobile apps for COVID-19: Privacy considerations and related trade-offs | H Cho, D Ippolito, YW Yu - arXiv preprint arXiv:2003.11511, 2020 - arxiv.org | … Furthermore, we discuss only these three notions of privacy to illustrate some of the shortcomings  of direct contact-tracing systems. Other … Table 1: Comparison of contact tracing systems  discussed in this document with respect to privacy of the users in the semi-honest model …
Loki: Facilitating remote instruction of physical tasks using bi-directional mixed-reality telepresence | B Thoravi Kumaravel, F Anderson… - … ACM Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … From this exploration, we develop and introduce Loki (Figure 1), a system for physical task  training that supports operations across the different dimensions of the proposed design space.  In this work, we will refer to them as ‘transitions’. Loki supports these transitions between …
PuReST: Robust pupil tracking for real-time pervasive eye tracking | T Santini, W Fuhl, E Kasneci - Proceedings of the 2018 ACM symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, … In Proceedings of the 2014  ACM international joint conference on pervasive and ubiquitous computing: Adjunct publication. …
CAVBench: A benchmark suite for connected and autonomous vehicles | Y Wang, S Liu, X Wu, W Shi - 2018 IEEE/ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To address this challenging problem, we present CAVBench, the first benchmark suite for  the edge computing system in the CAVs scenario. CAVBench is comprised of six typical  applications covering four dominate CAVs scenarios and takes four datasets as standard input. …
Cntr: Lightweight {OS} Containers | J Thalheim, P Bhatotia, P Fonseca… - 2018 {USENIX} Annual …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Instead, we built our system to be as generic as possible by leveraging more stable operating  system interfaces. Our … However, our inodes are not persisted and are dynamically requested  and destroyed by the operating system. If the operating system no longer uses them, they …
Fuzzing file systems via two-dimensional input space exploration | W Xu, H Moon, S Kashyap, PN Tseng… - 2019 IEEE Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … File systems are one of the most basic system services of an operating system that play an  important role in managing the files of users and tolerating system … syscall fuzzing technique  to fuzz file operations, ie, JANUS not only stores generated system calls but also deduces the …
E3: Energy-efficient microservices on SmartNIC-accelerated servers | M Liu, S Peter, A Krishnamurthy… - 2019 {USENIX} Annual …, 2019 - usenix.org | … • We present the design of E3 (§3), a microservice runtime on SmartNIC-accelerated  server systems. We present its implementation within a … These SmartNICs are able to run  full operating systems, but also ship with lightweight runtime systems that can provide kernelbypass …
µtune: Auto-tuned threading for {OLDI} microservices | A Sriraman, TF Wenisch - … {USENIX} Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … So, we build an intelligent system that uses  offline profiling to automatically adapt to time-varying service load. µTune’s second feature is an …
A survey on distributed machine learning | J Verbraeken, M Wolting, J Katzy… - ACM Computing …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | The demand for artificial intelligence has grown significantly over the past decade, and this  growth has been fueled by advances in machine learning techniques and the ability to  leverage hardware acceleration. However, to increase the quality of predictions and render …
Spectral independence in high-dimensional expanders and applications to the hardcore model | N Anari, K Liu, SO Gharan - SIAM Journal on Computing, 2021 - SIAM | We say a probability distribution $\mu$ is spectrally independent if an associated pairwise  influence matrix has a bounded largest eigenvalue for the distribution and all of its conditional  distributions. We prove that if $\mu$ is spectrally independent, then the corresponding high-…
TouchPose: Hand Pose Prediction, Depth Estimation, and Touch Classification from Capacitive Images | K Ahuja, P Streli, C Holz - The 34th Annual ACM Symposium on User …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 27th annual ACM symposium on User interface software and … In  Proceedings of the 25th annual ACM symposium on User interface software and technology. …  In Proceedings of the 10th annual ACM symposium on User interface software and technology. …
Service fabric: a distributed platform for building microservices in the cloud | G Kakivaya, L Xun, R Hasha, SB Ahsan… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … It is common in industry to integrate disparate systems into a whole. We believe there is a  desperate need in the systems community for a paper that reveals insight into how different  subsystems can be successfully built and integrated under cohesive design principles. …
EnclaveDB: A secure database using SGX | C Priebe, K Vaswani, M Costa - … Symposium on Security and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … EnclaveDB guarantees these properties even when the database administrator is malicious,  when an attacker has compromised the operating system or the hypervisor, and when the  database runs in an untrusted host in the cloud. EnclaveDB achieves this by placing sensitive …
When should the network be the computer? | DRK Ports, J Nelson - … the Workshop on Hot Topics in Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We see some common themes: first, most systems have O(1) operations per packet, and only  one has more than the packet size. This is … operating system abstractions like virtualization,  resource management, and protection domains are needed. Despite the “operating system” …
GraphP: Reducing communication for PIM-based graph processing with efficient data partition | M Zhang, Y Zhuo, C Wang, M Gao, Y Wu… - … Symposium on High …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we argue that a PIM-based graph processing system should take data  organization as a first-order design consideration. Following this principle, we propose  GraphP, a novel HMC-based software/hardware co-designed graph processing …
GraphOne A Data Store for Real-time Analytics on Evolving Graphs | P Kumar, HH Huang - ACM Transactions on Storage (TOS), 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … systems: LLAMA [59], as a snapshot-based  coarse-grained graph batch analytics system; Stinger [23], a fine-grained dynamic graph …
TRIMMER: application specialization for code debloating | H Sharif, M Abubakar, A Gehani, F Zaffar - Proceedings of the 33rd ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … [6] applied partial evaluation techniques for  specializing the network stack in operating system kernels. The approach applied is semi-…
Sebs: A serverless benchmark suite for function-as-a-service computing | M Copik, G Kwasniewski, M Besta… - Proceedings of the …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Still, in multi-tenant systems with shared infrastructure, one cannot exactly reproduce the  system state and achieve performance. The FaaS paradigm introduces further challenges with a  lack … Thus, we do not lock the benchmark in a dependency on a specific commercial system. …
Trustworthy ai | JM Wing - Communications of the ACM, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … , distributed, or reactive system, in traditional formal methods, we often add explicitly a  specification of a system’s environment E in the … Or, if M is device driver code, E might be  a model of the operating system. Or, if M is a control system, E might be a model of its environment …
ret2spec: Speculative execution using return stack buffers | G Maisuradze, C Rossow - … of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We show how local attackers can gain arbitrary speculative code execution across processes,  eg, to leak passwords another user enters on a shared system. Our evaluation showed that  the recent Spectre countermeasures deployed in operating systems can also cover such …
Cybersecurity for digital manufacturing | D Wu, A Ren, W Zhang, F Fan, P Liu, X Fu… - … manufacturing systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … This paper presents a review of cybersecurity in digital manufacturing systems from system  characterization, threat and vulnerability … To secure a manufacturing system, software,  hardware, operating systems or firmware, network, and data security should be considered. …
COSPlay: Leveraging Task-Level Parallelism for High-Throughput Synchronous Persistence | M Vemmou, A Daglis - … : 54th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with … ADR system, where persist latency is only that of reaching the memory controller’s  writeback queues, our evaluation focuses on systems featuring Backend Memory Operations …
Romulus: Efficient algorithms for persistent transactional memory | A Correia, P Felber, P Ramalhete - … of the 30th on Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the twenty-third annual ACM symposium on Parallelism in algorithms and  architectures. ACM, 65–74. [13] Sanjay Ghemawat and Jeff Dean. 2011. … In Proceedings of  the twenty-second annual ACM symposium on Parallelism in algorithms and architectures. …
Streaming graph partitioning: an experimental study | Z Abbas, V Kalavri, P Carbone, V Vlassov - Proceedings of the VLDB …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Graph partitioning is an essential yet challenging task for massive graph analysis in distributed  computing. Common graph partitioning methods scan the complete graph to obtain structural  characteristics offline, before partitioning. However, the emerging need for low-latency, …
Monoxide: Scale out blockchains with asynchronous consensus zones | J Wang, H Wang - 16th {USENIX} Symposium on Networked Systems …, 2019 - usenix.org | Cryptocurrencies have provided a promising infrastructure for pseudonymous online  payments. However, low throughput has significantly hindered the scalability and usability of  cryptocurrency systems for increasing numbers of users and transactions. Another obstacle to …
A survey on automated log analysis for reliability engineering | S He, P He, Z Chen, T Yang, Y Su, MR Lyu - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … [193] studied the logging mechanisms and security issues in three computer operating  systems. A recent publication [94] reviewed clustering-based approaches in cyber security  applications. Different from these studies, our survey mainly targets the automated log analysis for …
A survey on various threats and current state of security in android platform | P Bhat, K Dutta - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Its open source operating system has made it a center of attraction for the attackers. This  article provides a comprehensive study of the … various parts of the operating system. According  to the International Data Corporation (IDC) [2], the Android operating system covers around 85…
Tensorflow lite micro: Embedded machine learning on tinyml systems | R David, J Duke, A Jain, VJ Reddi, N Jeffries… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … We are unable to assume the operating system can dynamically allocate memory. So the  framework allocates and manages memory from a provided memory arena. During … In  Proceedings of the fourth annual ACM symposium on Theory of computing, pp. 143–150, 1972. …
Reinforce: Achieving efficient failure resiliency for network function virtualization based services | SG Kulkarni, G Liu, KK Ramakrishnan… - Proceedings of the 14th …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … For example, a crash in a software component can be quickly detected and fixed locally by  the host operating system within a few microseconds, while recovery from operating system  failures may take at least a few milliseconds (eg, 10-50ms for lightweight unikernels like …
Improving the performance and endurance of encrypted non-volatile main memory through deduplicating writes | P Zuo, Y Hua, M Zhao, W Zhou… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, NVMs also face the following obstacles in order to be effectively used in memory  systems. The first problem is the limited write … of the 16th international conference on  Architectural support for programming languages and operating systems (ASPLOS), 2011. …
Opportunities for optimism in contended main-memory multicore transactions | Y Huang, W Qian, E Kohler, B Liskov, L Shrira - The VLDB Journal, 2022 - Springer | … Memory allocators can impose hidden additional contention (on memory pools) as well as  other overheads, such as TLB pressure and memory being returned prematurely to the  operating system. We recommend using a fast general-purpose scalable memory allocator as a …
Rstream: marrying relational algebra with streaming for efficient graph mining on a single machine | K Wang, Z Zuo, J Thorpe, TQ Nguyen… - … } Symposium on Operating …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … system is to add simple support for data  spilling in an existing system (such as Arabesque or DistGraph) rather than developing a new …
Compute first networking: Distributed computing meets icn | M Król, S Mastorakis, D Oran, D Kutscher - Proceedings of the 6th ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Use Case - Health Screening System We present a simple airport health screening system  as a motivating use case for our framework. Such a system can be deployed using simple  microphones or commodity mobile phones to detect people with highly-infectious pulmonary …
Capturing and enhancing in situ system observability for failure detection | P Huang, C Guo, JR Lorch, L Zhou… - … } Symposium on Operating …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … and is stable in normal operations. Finally,  Panorama introduces only minor overhead (less than 3%) to the systems we evaluate it on. …
Capstancrunch: A haptic vr controller with user-supplied force feedback | M Sinclair, E Ofek, M Gonzalez-Franco… - … annual ACM symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … into the motor or system for longer wear.  Figure 9 shows an automated system we designed to test our capstans and completed systems. …
Big data analytics for large-scale wireless networks: Challenges and opportunities | HN Dai, RCW Wong, H Wang, Z Zheng… - ACM Computing …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise… For example, to improve user experience  in text input in mobile devices, mobile operating systems often collect ACM Computing Surveys, …
A large scale study of data center network reliability | J Meza, T Xu, K Veeraraghavan, O Mutlu - Proceedings of the Internet …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | The ability to tolerate, remediate, and recover from network incidents (caused by device  failures and fiber cuts, for example) is critical for building and operating highly-available  web services. Achieving fault tolerance and failure preparedness requires system architects, …
An android malware detection approach using weight-adjusted deep learning | W Li, Z Wang, J Cai, S Cheng - 2018 International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … [8] present DroidScope, a fine grained dynamic binary instrumentation tool for Android that  rebuilds two levels of semantic information: operating system … In SACMAT ’12: Proceedings  of the seventeenth ACM symposium on Access control models and technologies. ACM, 2012. …
! FTL, an articulation-invariant stroke gesture recognizer with controllable position, scale, and rotation invariances | J Vanderdonckt, P Roselli… - … of the 20th ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … ported by operating systems, have become widely used in many domains of interactivity,  such as hand recognition [27, 34], diagram sketching [16, 31], user interface prototyping [17],  on-line food order [8], handwriting [26], and mobile commands [43]. Operating systems usually …
Layoutgan: Generating graphic layouts with wireframe discriminators | J Li, J Yang, A Hertzmann, J Zhang, T Xu - arXiv preprint arXiv:1901.06767, 2019 - arxiv.org | Layout is important for graphic design and scene generation. We propose a novel Generative  Adversarial Network, called LayoutGAN, that synthesizes layouts by modeling geometric  relations of different types of 2D elements. The generator of LayoutGAN takes as input a set of …
InfiniTouch: Finger-aware interaction on fully touch sensitive smartphones | HV Le, S Mayer, N Henze - … of the 31st Annual ACM Symposium on User …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … However, these approaches mostly lack the support of an established operating system  so that integrating novel interactions into common applications becomes tough. As a middle  ground, researchers use small additional sensors that barely change the device’s form factor. …
Cloud programming simplified: A berkeley view on serverless computing | E Jonas, J Schleier-Smith, V Sreekanti, CC Tsai… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … configurations, and allocating data structures like traditional operating systems, unikernels  squash these costs by being preconfigured for … drivers and system libraries strictly required  by the application, which leads to a much lower footprint than traditional operating systems. It is …
Machine learning at the network edge: A survey | MGS Murshed, C Murphy, D Hou, N Khan… - ACM Computing …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … • The Linux Foundation recently launched the LF Edge2 project to facilitate applications at  the edge and establish a common open source framework that is independent of the operating  systems and hardware. EdgeX Foundry3 is another Linux Foundation project that involves …
OpenEI: An open framework for edge intelligence | X Zhang, Y Wang, S Lu, L Liu… - … Computing Systems  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … From the software perspective, the cloud runs the cluster operating system and deep  learning framework, such as TensorFlow [13] and MXNet [14]. On the edge, both the embedded  operating system and the stand-alone operating system are widely used. The lightweight deep …
Secloak: Arm trustzone-based mobile peripheral control | M Lentz, R Sen, P Druschel… - … on Mobile Systems …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … PROTC [37] is a system for safeguarding flight control systems on drones from non-essential  but malicious software. PROTC runs … Our work departs from these systems in two major  ways: we do not modify the NS-kernel— the NS-kernel device drivers, interfaces, etc. …
Focus: Querying large video datasets with low latency and low cost | K Hsieh, G Ananthanarayanan, P Bodik… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | Large volumes of videos are continuously recorded from cameras deployed for traffic control  and surveillance with the goal of answering “after the fact” queries: identify video frames with  objects of certain classes (cars, bags) from many days of recorded video. Current systems …
HotStuff: BFT consensus in the lens of blockchain | M Yin, D Malkhi, MK Reiter, GG Gueta… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | We present HotStuff, a leader-based Byzantine fault-tolerant replication protocol for the  partially synchronous model. Once network communication becomes synchronous, HotStuff  enables a correct leader to drive the protocol to consensus at the pace of actual (vs. maximum) …
Skybridge: Fast and secure inter-process communication for microkernels | Z Mi, D Li, Z Yang, X Wang, H Chen - Proceedings of the Fourteenth …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … This page is deliberately left unmapped for most operating systems. In the inserted page,  the Subkernel creates one code snippet for the new instructions. At the end of each snippet,  the Subkernel also appends a new jump instruction to get back to the original code page. …
Restructuring endpoint congestion control | A Narayan, F Cangialosi, D Raghavan… - … Conference of the ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Arrakis [30] is system that facilitates kernel-bypass networking for applications via SR-IOV.  IX [5] is a dataplane operating system that separates the management … Moreover, CCP is  also agnostic to the datapath; datapaths for library operating systems could be CCP datapaths. …
Formalizing and implementing distributed ledger objects | AF Anta, K Konwar, C Georgiou, N Nicolaou - Acm Sigact News, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Despite the hype about blockchains and distributed ledgers, formal abstractions of these  objects are scarce1. To face this issue, in this paper we provide a proper formulation of a  distributed ledger object. In brief, we de ne a ledger object as a sequence of records, and we …
PolarFS: an ultra-low latency and failure resilient distributed file system for shared storage cloud database | W Cao, Z Liu, P Wang, S Chen, C Zhu… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … -like file system API, which is intended to be compiled into the database process and replace  the file system interfaces provided by operating system, so that the … In Proceedings of the  twenty-sixth annual ACM symposium on Principles of distributed computing, pages 398–407. …
A survey of IoT applications in blockchain systems: Architecture, consensus, and traffic modeling | L Lao, Z Li, S Hou, B Xiao, S Guo, Y Yang - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Middleware layer: Since there are numerous heterogeneous devices in the lower layer of  the IoT system. They may have different operating systems, query formats, and data formats. It  is difficult for software developers to develop an integrated IoT application that is compatible …
SRPT for multiserver systems | I Grosof, Z Scully, M Harchol-Balter - Performance Evaluation, 2018 - Elsevier | … In the SRPT- 1 system, we do not have to wait for the system to become completely  empty for j to start receiving service. We only have to wait for the system to become empty of  relevant work. We capture this with the concept of a “relevant busy period”. …
Cheri concentrate: Practical compressed capabilities | J Woodruff, A Joannou, H Xia, A Fox… - IEEE Transactions …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Finally, we measure a 50% to 75% reduction in L2 misses for many compiled C-language  benchmarks running under a commodity operating system using compressed 128-bit and 64-bit  formats, demonstrating both compatibility with and increased performance over the …
Selecta: Heterogeneous cloud storage configuration for data analytics | A Klimovic, H Litz, C Kozyrakis - 2018 {USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Finally, we showcase the need for end-to-end optimization of cloud storage, including  application frameworks, operating systems, and cloud services, as several storage  configurations fail to meet their potential due to inefficiencies in the storage stack. …
Resource management in fog/edge computing: a survey on architectures, infrastructure, and algorithms | CH Hong, B Varghese - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … 3.2.1 System Virtualization. System virtualization allows multiple operating systems to run  on a single physical machine. System virtualization enables fault and performance isolation  between multiple tenants in the fog/edge. It partitions resources for each tenant so one tenant …
Steal but no force: Efficient hardware undo+ redo logging for persistent memory systems | MA Ogleari, EL Miller, J Zhao - … IEEE International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Finally, with multithreaded workloads, context switches by the operating system (OS) can  interrupt the logging and persistent data updates. This can risk the data consistency guarantee  in multithreaded environment (Section II-C discusses this further). Several prior works …
Spacetime: Enabling fluid individual and collaborative editing in virtual reality | H Xia, S Herscher, K Perlin, D Wigdor - … 31st Annual ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 16th annual ACM symposium on User interface software and  technology (UIST '03). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 159-168. DOI: … In Proceedings of the  9th annual ACM symposium on User interface software and technology (UIST '96). …
Flexible byzantine fault tolerance | D Malkhi, K Nayak, L Ren - … of the 2019 ACM SIGSAC Conference on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the twenty-fifth annual ACM symposium on Principles of distributed  computing. ACM, 53–62. [3] Ittai Abraham, Dahlia Malkhi, Kartik Nayak, and Ling Ren. 2018. …  In ACM SIGOPS operating systems review, Vol. 39. …
Internet of things architectures, technologies, applications, challenges, and future directions for enhanced living environments and healthcare systems: a review | G Marques, R Pitarma, NM Garcia, N Pombo - Electronics, 2019 - mdpi.com | … This section presents the most relevant IoT platforms and operating systems (Figure 3), which  are … and operating systems researched in this study were selected according to the criteria  used by the authors of [58] and [59]. Therefore, 15 IoT platforms and operating systems were …
A new solution of Dijkstra's concurrent programming problem | L Lamport - Concurrency: the Works of Leslie Lamport, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … ): the failure of a single unit will halt the entire system. We present a simple solution which  allows the system to continue to operate despite the failure of any individual component.  … His research interests include reliable distributed systems and operating systems. …
ZebRAM: comprehensive and compatible software protection against rowhammer attacks | RK Konoth, M Oliverio, A Tatar, D Andriesse… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … a swap device to the protected operating system. With this design, ZebRAM reuses existing  page replacement policies of the operating system to decide which memory pages should be  evicted to the swap (ie, unsafe region). Given that most operating systems use some form of …
Cross-chain deals and adversarial commerce | M Herlihy, B Liskov, L Shrira - The VLDB Journal, 2021 - Springer | Modern distributed data management systems face a new challenge: how can autonomous,  mutually distrusting parties cooperate safely and effectively? Addressing this challenge  brings up familiar questions from classical distributed systems: how to combine multiple steps …
The new hardware development trend and the challenges in data management and analysis | W Pan, Z Li, Y Zhang, C Weng - Data Science and Engineering, 2018 - Springer | Hardware techniques and environments underwent significant transformations in the field of  information technology, represented by high-performance processors and hardware accelerators  characterized by abundant heterogeneous parallelism, nonvolatile memory with hybrid …
MUVR: Supporting multi-user mobile virtual reality with resource constrained edge cloud | Y Li, W Gao - 2018 IEEE/ACM Symposium on Edge Computing …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , on the other hand, if being done in the user space, would also be much less effective due to  frequent interaction with the system hardware. To address these challenges and retain  generality, we integrate MUVR into the operating system of the edge cloud, and implement it as a …
The real-time linux kernel: A survey on preempt_rt | F Reghenzani, G Massari, W Fornaciari - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In the latter case, the applications usually require services to operating systems via system  calls. This triggers a switch from user space to kernel space that consists of an execution mode  change that enables the software to run privileged instructions and to unrestrictedly access …
Swift: Delay is simple and effective for congestion control in the datacenter | G Kumar, N Dukkipati, K Jang, HMG Wassel… - … conference of the ACM …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … congestion control runs as part of the host operating system, eg, Linux or Windows, and  serves the general purpose use case. This setting … Newer stacks such as RDMA and NVMe  are designed from the ground up for low-latency storage operations. To avoid operating system …
T-PBFT: An EigenTrust-based practical Byzantine fault tolerance consensus algorithm | S Gao, T Yu, J Zhu, W Cai - China Communications, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , we take both the aspects into accounts, so the maximum number of the Byzantine nodes  in the system is the sum of the maximum number of Byzantine nodes f … Bortnikov et al.,“Hyperledger  fabric: a distributed operating system for permissioned blockchains,” in Proceedings of …
Mir-BFT: High-throughput BFT for blockchains | C Stathakopoulou, T David, M Vukolic - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - allquantor.at | This paper presents Mir-BFT (or, simply, Mir), a robust Byzantine fault-tolerant (BFT) total  order broadcast protocol aimed at maximizing throughput on wide-area networks (WANs),  targeting permissioned and Proof-of-Stake permissionless blockchains. We show that Mir …
Helen: Maliciously secure coopetitive learning for linear models | W Zheng, RA Popa, JE Gonzalez… - 2019 IEEE Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we design and build Helen, a system that allows multiple parties to train a linear  model without revealing their data, a setting … Instead, we observe that the local operations  are all linear matrix operations between the committed summaries and the global weights. …
Prefetched address translation | A Margaritov, D Ustiugov, E Bugnion… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … The large – and rapidly growing – data footprints, coupled with irregular access patterns,  in many of these workloads result in frequent TLB misses that require a walk of the operating  system’s radix tree-based page table. During the walk, the levels of the radix tree-based page …
Precise and scalable detection of double-fetch bugs in OS kernels | M Xu, C Qian, K Lu, M Backes… - 2018 IEEE Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—During system call execution, it is common for operating system kernels to read  userspace memory multiple times (multi-reads). A critical bug may exist if the fetched userspace  memory is subject to change across these reads, ie, a race condition, which is known as a …
Pangolin: A fault-tolerant persistent memory programming library | L Zhang, S Swanson - 2019 {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2019 - usenix.org | … To recover from data corruption, Pangolin relies on error detection and media management  facilities that the processor and operating system provide together. Below, we describe these  facilities available on Intel and Linux platforms. Windows provides similar mechanisms. …
Asynchronous data dissemination and its applications | S Das, Z Xiang, L Ren - … of the 2021 ACM SIGSAC Conference on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting … In Proceedings of the twenty-fifth annual ACM symposium on Theory of computing.  52–61. … In Proceedings of the twenty-sixth annual ACM symposium on Principles of distributed …
Detecting anomaly in big data system logs using convolutional neural network | S Lu, X Wei, Y Li, L Wang - 2018 IEEE 16th Intl Conf on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Nowadays, big data systems are being widely adopted by many domains for offering effective  data solutions, such as manufacturing, healthcare, education, and media. Big data systems  produce tons of unstructured logs that contain buried valuable information. However, it is a …
Rapidchain: Scaling blockchain via full sharding | M Zamani, M Movahedi, M Raykova - Proceedings of the 2018 ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | A major approach to overcoming the performance and scalability limitations of current  blockchain protocols is to use sharding which is to split the overheads of processing transactions  among multiple, smaller groups of nodes. These groups work in parallel to maximize …
Designing far memory data structures: Think outside the box | MK Aguilera, K Keeton, S Novakovic… - … in Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Inspired by ideas from processor instruction set architectures (ISAs) and from distributed  systems, we propose simple hardware extensions to far memory that are powerful and generally  applicable, in that they avoid round trips to far memory, they permit a consistent view of data …
Enhancing server efficiency in the face of killer microseconds | A Mirhosseini, A Sriraman… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We are entering an era of “killer microseconds” in data center applications. Killer microseconds  refer to μs-scale “holes” in CPU schedules caused by stalls to access fast I/O devices or  brief idle times between requests in high throughput microservices. Whereas modern …
Microscope: Enabling microarchitectural replay attacks | D Skarlatos, M Yan, B Gopireddy… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In SGX, the user process is protected from supervisor software, such as the operating  system, through an isolated execution environment called an enclave. Despite the isolation  guarantees provided by TEEs, numerous microarchitectural side channel attacks have been …
Kvasir-seg: A segmented polyp dataset | D Jha, PH Smedsrud, MA Riegler, P Halvorsen… - … on Multimedia Modeling, 2020 - Springer | Pixel-wise image segmentation is a highly demanding task in medical-image analysis. In  practice, it is difficult to find annotated medical images with corresponding segmentation  masks. In this paper, we present Kvasir-SEG: an open-access dataset of gastrointestinal polyp …
Dostoevsky: Better space-time trade-offs for LSM-tree based key-value stores via adaptive removal of superfluous merging | N Dayan, S Idreos - Proceedings of the 2018 International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise… • We show that state-of-the-art LSM-trees  perform equally expensive merge operations across all levels of LSM-tree, yet merge operations …
Block-Granularity-Aware Caching | N Beckmann, PB Gibbons, C McGuffey - … of the 33rd ACM Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | A common feature of computer systems is that block granularity changes at different levels  of the storage hierarchy. This paper presents the first study of how granularity change  affects caching. We define the Block-Granularity-Aware (BGA) Caching Model, prove new …
A new golden age for computer architecture | JL Hennessy, DA Patterson - Communications of the ACM, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … operating system written in the thennew programming language Ada. This ambitious project  was alas several years late, forcing Intel to start an emergency replacement effort in Santa  Clara to deliver a 16-bit microprocessor in 1979. Intel gave the new team 52 weeks to develop …
Scalable dynamic multi-agent practical byzantine fault-tolerant consensus in permissioned blockchain | L Feng, H Zhang, Y Chen, L Lou - Applied Sciences, 2018 - mdpi.com | … system’s scalability, reduces the system latency and improves the system throughput. The  algorithm has been verified in our blockchain test system. … In Proceedings of the 2013 ACM  symposium on Principles of distributed computing, Montreal, QC, Canada, 22–24 July 2013; pp. …
Recent advancements in event processing | M Dayarathna, S Perera - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is … systems such as CLASP (collaborating, autonomous stream processing  systems) [33]. Such systems operate above desperate data stream processing systems and …
Fidelius: Protecting user secrets from compromised browsers | S Eskandarian, J Cogan, S Birnbaum… - … IEEE Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We leverage a trusted hardware enclave to protect against a network attacker who  additionally has full control of the operating system (OS) on the computer running Fidelius.  We assume that our attacker has the power to examine and modify unprotected memory, …
Larry: Practical network reconfigurability in the data center | A Chatzieleftheriou, S Legtchenko, H Williams… - … {USENIX} Symposium …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Larry can operate without modifications to the end-system operating system or applications,  or the firmware or hardware design of the ToR or aggregation switches. Support for incremental  deployment. Larry does not require any changes to the core network management or …
Learning scheduling algorithms for data processing clusters | H Mao, M Schwarzkopf, SB Venkatakrishnan… - … of the ACM Special …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on servers or to  redistribute to lists, … For concreteness, we describe its design in the context of the Spark system. …
Sharding the shards: managing datastore locality at scale with Akkio | M Annamalai, K Ravichandran, H Srinivas… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … system for geodistributed datastore systems  that migrates data at µshard granularity, that can offer strong consistency, and that can operate …
G-miner: an efficient task-oriented graph mining system | H Chen, M Liu, Y Zhao, X Yan, D Yan… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. … As  we will analyze in §2-§3, these systems suffer from problems such as low CPU utilization (due to  … To address the limitations of existing systems, we propose GMiner, based on a re-design of …
A generic communication scheduler for distributed dnn training acceleration | Y Peng, Y Zhu, Y Chen, Y Bao, B Yi, C Lan… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | We present ByteScheduler, a generic communication scheduler for distributed DNN training  acceleration. ByteScheduler is based on our principled analysis that partitioning and rearranging  the tensor transmissions can result in optimal results in theory and good performance …
libmpk: Software abstraction for intel memory protection keys (intel {MPK}) | S Park, S Lee, W Xu, H Moon, T Kim - 2019 {USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2019 - usenix.org | Intel Memory Protection Keys (MPK) is a new hardware primitive to support thread-local  permission control on groups of pages without requiring modification of page tables. Unfortunately,  its current hardware implementation and software support suffer from security, scalability, …
Secure attribute-based data sharing for resource-limited users in cloud computing | J Li, Y Zhang, X Chen, Y Xiang - Computers & Security, 2018 - Elsevier | … However, the users are able to have the control of the specified operating systems, storage  space etc. Currently, there are many cloud … Based on the proposed system architecture,  we define the attribute-based data sharing system suitable for resource-constrained users in …
Willump: A statistically-aware end-to-end optimizer for machine learning inference | P Kraft, D Kang, D Narayanan… - … and Systems, 2020 - proceedings.mlsys.org | Abstract Systems for performing ML inference are widely deployed today. However, they  typically use techniques designed for conventional data serving workloads, missing critical  opportunities to leverage the statistical nature of ML inference. In this paper, we present OptX, an …
Host-based intrusion detection system with system calls: Review and future trends | M Liu, Z Xue, X Xu, C Zhong, J Chen - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In Unix-like operating systems, system calls are referred when a kernel service from the  operating … Android is a popular mobile operating system with the Linux kernel, which is  similar to Linux operating systems installed on desktops [116]. Android smartphones can be …
IONN: Incremental offloading of neural network computations from mobile devices to edge servers | HJ Jeong, HJ Lee, CH Shin, SM Moon - … of the ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the ACM Symposium on Cloud Computing: IONN: Incremental Offloading of  Neural Network Computations from Mobile … In this section, we introduce IONN, an offloading  system using edge servers for DNN computations. Figure 2 illustrates the overall architecture …
A survey of data partitioning and sampling methods to support big data analysis | MS Mahmud, JZ Huang, S Salloum… - Big Data Mining and …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Big data technologies include distributed file systems[29, 30], distributed computational  systems[31], and Massively … the 6th Symposium on Operating System Design and Implementation  (OSDI’04), San Francisco, CA, USA, 2004, pp. 137–150. … He is a member of IEEE and ACM. …
Nodemerge: Template based efficient data reduction for big-data causality analysis | Y Tang, D Li, Z Li, M Zhang, K Jee, X Xiao… - … of the 2018 ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … To enable causality analysis in enterprises, it requires a comprehensive collection of  operating system events from all corporate computer hosts. These events record the  interactions between OS-level resources, such as file read/write, process start/end and network …
Stateful dataflow multigraphs: A data-centric model for performance portability on heterogeneous architectures | T Ben-Nun, J de Fine Licht, AN Ziogas… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … Naiad: A Timely Dataflow System. In  Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP ’13). …
Spock: Exploiting serverless functions for slo and cost aware resource procurement in public cloud | JR Gunasekaran, P Thinakaran… - 2019 IEEE 12th …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We are witnessing the emergence of elastic web services which are hosted in public cloud  infrastructures. For reasons of cost-effectiveness, it is crucial for the elasticity of these web  services to match the dynamically-evolving user demand. Traditional approaches employ …
Learning to find eye region landmarks for remote gaze estimation in unconstrained settings | S Park, X Zhang, A Bulling, O Hilliges - … of the 2018 ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Conventional feature-based and model-based gaze estimation methods have proven to  perform well in settings with controlled illumination and specialized cameras. In unconstrained  real-world settings, however, such methods are surpassed by recent appearance-based …
Scalable deep learning on distributed infrastructures: Challenges, techniques, and tools | R Mayer, HA Jacobsen - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Finally, we highlight future research trends in DL systems that deserve further research. …  In this section, we discuss the main directions of DL systems research in depth. We introduce  the main research challenges, discuss state-of-the-art approaches, and analyze open research …
Memory-efficient pipeline-parallel dnn training | D Narayanan, A Phanishayee, K Shi… - International …, 2021 - proceedings.mlr.press | Many state-of-the-art ML results have been obtained by scaling up the number of parameters  in existing models. However, parameters and activations for such large models often do not  fit in the memory of a single accelerator device; this means that it is necessary to distribute …
A survey and taxonomy on data and pre-processing techniques of intrusion detection systems | T Hamed, JB Ernst, SC Kremer - Computer and network security …, 2018 - Springer | … A Sandnet is usually adjusted during each repetition by changing the date, the network  environment, the host operating system, and the time … Low-interaction: Are systems that only  simulate parts of an operating system, such as certain network protocols. These systems are most …
Collaborative learning on the edges: A case study on connected vehicles | S Lu, Y Yao, W Shi - 2nd {USENIX} Workshop on Hot Topics in Edge …, 2019 - usenix.org | The wide deployment of 4G/5G has enabled connected vehicles as a perfect edge computing  platform for a plethora of new services which are impossible before, such as remote  real-time diagnostics and advanced driver assistance. In this work, we propose CLONE, a …
Nemesis: Studying microarchitectural timing leaks in rudimentary CPU interrupt logic | J Van Bulck, F Piessens, R Strackx - Proceedings of the 2018 ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … application components or enclaves from an untrusted operating system. PMAs enforce  isolation and attestation primitives directly … operating system is prevented from accessing  enclaved code or data directly, but continues to manage shared platform resources such as system …
Full-stack, real-system quantum computer studies: Architectural comparisons and design insights | P Murali, NM Linke, M Martonosi… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise… Universal QC systems, such as the ones  we experiment on here, provide a universal set of single-qubit (1Q) and two-qubit (2Q) operations…
Hydroring: Supporting mixed reality haptics using liquid flow | T Han, F Anderson, P Irani, T Grossman - … 31st Annual ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Proceedings of the 25th annual ACM symposium on User interface software and  technology, ACM, 519– … Adjunct proceedings of the 23nd annual ACM symposium on User  interface software and technology, ACM, 385–386. 26. Hirokazu Kato and Mark Billinghurst. …
Accessibility and usability problems encountered on websites and applications in mobile devices by blind and normal-vision users | MCN Carvalho, FS Dias, AGS Reis… - … Annual ACM symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … For this purpose, they conducted a survey with 6 participants collecting information about  how they used a native calendar on the Android operating system and what changes they  would suggest. In addition, they developed a prototype of what they aimed to be an accessible …
Security supportive energy-aware scheduling and energy policies for cloud environments | D Fernández-Cerero, A Jakóbik, D Grzonka… - Journal of Parallel and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Moreover, we present a new model for the calculation of the energy consumption of security  operations. Based on this model, CC … additional security operations that must be performed  before or after task execution. The possible security operations in the CC system are …
Performer vs. observer: whose comfort level should we consider when examining the social acceptability of input modalities for head-worn display? | F Alallah, A Neshati, Y Sakamoto, K Hasan… - … 24th ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy … Although prior studies have investigated the observers’  perceptions of social acceptability while witnessing a user operating a new technology [1, 11…
Troxy: Transparent access to byzantine fault-tolerant systems | B Li, N Weichbrodt, J Behl, PL Aublin… - … Systems and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … adding and operating BFT mechanisms at the client side, our approach is to introduce a trusted  proxy, or Troxy for short, into the system that acts … However, compared to Troxy, Prophecy  (i) requires a large trusted computing base comprised of a middlebox, operating system, and …
Scalable zero knowledge with no trusted setup | E Ben-Sasson, I Bentov, Y Horesh… - Annual international …, 2019 - Springer | … systems for similar circuit size and topology as that which our system deals with. In Sect.  we compare our system to the previous state-of-the-art IOP system, called SCI [9], and show  our system is … 4 for a discussion of performance compared to the recent Aurora system [21]). …
Autoscaling tiered cloud storage in Anna | C Wu, V Sreekanti, JM Hellerstein - Proceedings of the VLDB …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In this paper, we describe how we extended a distributed key-value store called Anna into an  autoscaling, multi-tier service for the cloud. In its extended form, Anna is designed to overcome  the narrow cost-performance limitations typical of current cloud storage systems. We …
Towards memory safe enclave programming with rust-sgx | H Wang, P Wang, Y Ding, M Sun, Y Jing… - … of the 2019 ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In particular, SGX isolates sensitive code and data from the operating systems, hypervisors,  BIOS, and other applications. It guarantees confidentiality and integrity of enclave programs  even when the systems software such as operating systems, hypervisors, and BIOS are …
Hyperledger fabric: a distributed operating system for permissioned blockchains | E Androulaki, A Barger, V Bortnikov, C Cachin… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … This makes Fabric the first distributed operating system [54] for permissioned blockchains.  The architecture of Fabric follows a novel execute-order-validate paradigm for distributed  execution of untrusted code in an untrusted environment. It separates the transaction flow into …
Guaranteed physical security with restart-based design for cyber-physical systems | F Abdi, CY Chen, M Hasan, S Liu… - … -Physical Systems  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Similar to some of the earlier mentioned works, this work assumes that faults may only  occur within the complex controller and/or operating system and, safety controller and decision  module are always correct. This assumption does not hold in the presence of malicious …
Gaze typing in virtual reality: impact of keyboard design, selection method, and motion | V Rajanna, JP Hansen - … of the 2018 ACM Symposium on Eye Tracking …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on … In Proceedings  of the acm symposium on applied perception. ACM, 39–46. AS Fernandes and SK Feiner. 2016. …
Efficient hardware-assisted logging with asynchronous and direct-update for persistent memory | J Jeong, CH Park, J Huh… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Supporting atomic durability in emerging persistent memory requires data consistency across  potential system failures. For atomic durability support in the non-volatile memory, the  traditional write-ahead log (WAL) technique has been employed to guarantee the persistency of …
Blockchain meets database: Design and implementation of a blockchain relational database | S Nathan, C Govindarajan, A Saraf, M Sethi… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … We implement our system on PostgreSQL and present detailed performance experiments  analyzing both approaches. … Managing update conflicts in bayou, a weakly connected  replicated storage system. In Proceedings of the Fifteenth ACM Symposium on Operating Systems …
Pronto: Easy and fast persistence for volatile data structures | A Memaripour, J Izraelevitz, S Swanson - … and Operating Systems, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … We begin with a description of the Pronto system and runtime. Next, we describe Pronto’s  programming interface and elaborate on the durability and concurrency semantics that Pronto  offers. Finally, we give examples of using Pronto for both sequential and concurrent data struc…
Verification of hybrid systems | L Doyen, G Frehse, GJ Pappas, A Platzer - Handbook of Model Checking, 2018 - Springer | … We survey important tools and application domains of successful hybrid system  verification in this vibrant area of research. … Althoff, M., Krogh, BH: Avoiding geometric  intersection operations in reachability analysis of hybrid systems. In: Proceedings of the 15th …
A bibliometric assessment of software engineering scholars and institutions (2010–2017) | D Karanatsiou, Y Li, EM Arvanitou, N Misirlis… - Journal of Systems and …, 2019 - Elsevier | This paper presents the findings of a bibliometric study, targeting an eight-year period (2010–2017),  with the aim of identifying: (a) emerging research directions, (b) the top-20 institutions, and (c)  top-20 early stage, consolidated, and experienced scholars in the field of software …
Enforcing unique code target property for control-flow integrity | H Hu, C Qian, C Yagemann, SPH Chung… - … of the 2018 ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … We consider the following system calls  to be security-sensitive, similar to many other security systems [15, 21, 50, 61]: mmap, mremap, …
A survey on routing protocols supported by the Contiki Internet of things operating system | YB Zikria, MK Afzal, F Ishmanov, SW Kim… - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … IoT operating systems (OSs) provide integration of software and hardware components.  The availability of standard protocols, heterogeneous hardware support, ease of development,  and simulation or emulation support are desirable features of IoT OSs. Contiki OS is one of the …
Derecho: Fast state machine replication for cloud services | S Jha, J Behrens, T Gkountouvas, M Milano… - … on Computer Systems  …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is … the system so that external processes with compatible memory layouts  could use the API as well, permitting them to benefit from our strongly typed RDMA operations. …
Chi: A scalable and programmable control plane for distributed stream processing systems | L Mai, K Zeng, R Potharaju, L Xu, S Suh… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … high overhead due to the synchronization and scheduling operations required. To overcome  the shortcomings of today’s systems and meet the aforementioned requirements, we explore  a novel control-plane design for stream processing systems. Inspired by the idea of punc…
Latency and throughput characterization of convolutional neural networks for mobile computer vision | J Hanhirova, T Kämäräinen, S Seppälä… - … Multimedia Systems …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | We study performance characteristics of convolutional neural networks (CNN) for mobile  computer vision systems. CNNs have proven to be a powerful and efficient approach to  implement such systems. However, the system performance depends largely on the utilization of …
Iot passport: A blockchain-based trust framework for collaborative internet-of-things | B Tang, H Kang, J Fan, Q Li, R Sandhu - … of the 24th ACM symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In The 24th ACM Symposium on Access Control Models and Technologies (SACMAT ’19),  June 3–6, 2019, Toronto, ON, Canada. ACM, New York, NY, USA, 10 pages. https://doi.org/10.1145/…  In 11th ACM Asia conference on computer and communications security. …
Dynablock: Dynamic 3d printing for instant and reconstructable shape formation | R Suzuki, J Yamaoka, D Leithinger, T Yeh… - … ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | This paper introduces Dynamic 3D Printing, a fast and reconstructable shape formation  system. Dynamic 3D Printing can assemble an arbitrary three-dimensional shape from a large  number of small physical elements. Also, it can disassemble the shape back to elements and …
Big data service architecture: a survey | J Wang, Y Yang, T Wang, RS Sherratt… - Journal of Internet …, 2020 - jit.ndhu.edu.tw | … Then, we introduce the detailed cloud computing service system based on big data,  which provides high performance solutions for large-scale data storage, processing and  analysis. Finally, we summarize some big data application scenarios over various fields. …
{ERIM}: Secure, efficient in-process isolation with protection keys ({MPK}) | A Vahldiek-Oberwagner, E Elnikety… - … } Security Symposium  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … We survey techniques for isolation and switching provided by operating systems,  hypervisors, compilers, language runtimes, and binary … While SGX and TrustZone can isolate  data even from the operating system, switching overheads are similar to other hardware-based …
Edge intelligence: The convergence of humans, things, and ai | T Rausch, S Dustdar - 2019 IEEE International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, such Unikernels rely on library operating systems, and are not yet as well  understood as containers. Regardless of which technology will dominate, it is clear that multi-tenancy  in resource-constrained environments (compared to a cloud data center) is challenging, as …
Evaluating persistent memory range indexes | L Lersch, X Hao, I Oukid, T Wang… - Proceedings of the VLDB …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Persistent memory (PM) is fundamentally changing the way database index structures are  built by enabling persistence, high performance, and (near) instant recovery all on the memory  bus. Prior work has proposed many techniques to tailor index structure designs for PM, but …
Bishare: Exploring bidirectional interactions between smartphones and head-mounted augmented reality | F Zhu, T Grossman - … on Human Factors in Computing Systems, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … In order to support accurate tracking with  low latency, we used a *Vicon system to track the Pixel 2 and HoloLens, and synchronized their …
The design and operation of CloudLab | D Duplyakin, R Ricci, A Maricq, G Wong… - 2019 {USENIX} Annual …, 2019 - usenix.org | Given the highly empirical nature of research in cloud computing, networked systems, and  related fields, testbeds play an important role in the research ecosystem. In this paper, we  cover one such facility, CloudLab, which supports systems research by providing raw access to …
Enabling IoT platforms for social IoT applications: Vision, feature mapping, and challenges | B Afzal, M Umair, GA Shah, E Ahmed - … Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … Operating Systems (OSs) are employed in IoT devices as they offer portability, threading support  and access to development libraries; … inside the operating systems (OSs), device firmware,  or other software running on these IoT devices [3]. Specifically, an Operating System (OS) …
Dependency mining for service resilience at the edge | A Aral, I Brandic - … IEEE/ACM Symposium on Edge Computing …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This also allows us to incorporate failures that occur in the client software, virtual platform,  host operating system, hardware, or infrastructure as a single consistent event. In (1), we define  failure probability of a deployment as its unavailability, which is the ratio of the duration that …
Federated machine learning: Concept and applications | Q Yang, Y Liu, T Chen, Y Tong - … Transactions on Intelligent Systems and …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Today’s artificial intelligence still faces two major challenges. One is that, in most industries,  data exists in the form of isolated islands. The other is the strengthening of data privacy and  security. We propose a possible solution to these challenges: secure federated learning. …
Phi: Architectural support for synchronization-and bandwidth-efficient commutative scatter updates | A Mukkara, N Beckmann, D Sanchez - … /ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … scatter updates, such as addition or logical operations. Commutative updates produce the  same result regardless of the … system with a single cache, and introduce the first two techniques,  whose goal is to reduce memory traffic (Sec. 3.1). Then, we extend PHI to a parallel system …
[DL] A survey of FPGA-based neural network inference accelerators | K Guo, S Zeng, J Yu, Y Wang, H Yang - … Technology and Systems  …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Before discussing the system design for neural network acceleration, we first introduce the  basic concepts of neural networks and the … Copyrights for components of this work owned by  others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or …
System architecture directions for post-soc/32-bit networked sensors | HS Kim, MP Andersen, K Chen, S Kumar… - … Sensor Systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We study the interaction between hardware and embedded operating systems, identifying  that (1) post-SoC motes provide lower idle current (… We design a system architecture, based  on a tickless multithreading operating system, with cooperative/adaptive clocking, advanced …
VIP: Safeguard Value Invariant Property for Thwarting Critical Memory Corruption Attacks | M Ismail, J Yom, C Jelesnianski, Y Jang… - … of the 2021 ACM SIGSAC …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Most modern software attacks are rooted in memory corruption vulnerabilities, which are  capable of altering security-sensitive data (eg, function pointers) to unintended values. This  paper introduces a new security property, the Value Invariant Property (VIP), and HyperSpace, …
A survey on security and privacy issues of blockchain technology | AP Joshi, M Han, Y Wang - Mathematical foundations of computing, 2018 - aimsciences.org | Blockchain is gaining traction and can be termed as one of the furthermost prevalent topics  nowadays. Although critics question about its scalability, security, and sustainability, it has  already transformed many individuals’ lifestyle in some areas due to its inordinate influence on …
Pisces: A scalable and efficient persistent transactional memory | J Gu, Q Yu, X Wang, Z Wang, B Zang, H Guan… - 2019 {USENIX} Annual …, 2019 - usenix.org | … However, in these systems, an on-going write operations usually block conflicting read  operations to ensure the consistency. As a result, these read operations will also suffer from  NVM’s high write latency. A state-of-the-art design, called DUDETM [49], tries to address this issue …
Using meta-heuristics and machine learning for software optimization of parallel computing systems: a systematic literature review | S Memeti, S Pllana, A Binotto, J Kołodziej, I Brandic - Computing, 2019 - Springer | … MPPs are distributed memory systems where a larger number of processing units (or …  no system resources, they have their own operating system, and communicate through high-speed  network. The main computing models within the distributed parallel computing systems …
A simple voting protocol on quantum blockchain | X Sun, Q Wang, P Kulicki, M Sopek - International Journal of Theoretical …, 2019 - Springer | This paper proposes a simple voting protocol based on Quantum Blockchain. Despite its  simplicity, our protocol satisfies the most important properties of secure voting protocols: is  anonymous, binding, non-reusable, verifiable, eligible, fair and self-tallying. The protocol could …
Deeprecsys: A system for optimizing end-to-end at-scale neural recommendation inference | U Gupta, S Hsia, V Saraph, X Wang… - … Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … role and impact of specialized AI hardware in optimizing system level performance (QPS)  and power efficiency (QPS/watt) of recommendation inference.In order to enable the design  space exploration of customized recommendation systems shown in this paper, we design and …
Occlum: Secure and efficient multitasking inside a single enclave of intel sgx | Y Shen, H Tian, Y Chen, K Chen, R Wang… - … and Operating Systems, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Recent work introduces library operating systems (LibOSes) to SGX so that legacy applications  can run inside enclaves with few or even no … This paper presents Occlum, a system that  enables secure and efficient multitasking on SGX. We implement the LibOS processes as SFI-…
Privacy preserving approaches in cloud computing | K Karthiban, S Smys - … Conference on Inventive Systems and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … as well as has the control over the operating systems deployed in the cloud by the provider.  Therefore cloud user here acts as an administrator. So changes to the operating systems,  failure and crashes in the operating system and data security are crucial in this service model [3]…
Checked C: Making C safe by extension | AS Elliott, A Ruef, M Hicks… - 2018 IEEE Cybersecurity …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents Checked C, an extension to C designed to support spatial safety, implemented  in Clang and LLVM. Checked C's design is distinguished by its focus on backward-compatibility,  incremental conversion, developer control, and enabling highly performant code. …
Pivot tracing: Dynamic causal monitoring for distributed systems | J Mace, R Roelke, R Fonseca - ACM Transactions on Computer Systems …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Panelists at 2011 workshop on managing large scale systems (SLAML’11) [36] discussed  the important need to “close the loop of operations … In Fay, only probes in the same address  space can share information, while in DTrace, the scope is limited to a single operating system …
Firecracker: Lightweight virtualization for serverless applications | A Agache, M Brooker, A Iordache, A Liguori… - … {usenix} symposium on …, 2020 - usenix.org | … Together, these tools provide a powerful toolkit for isolating containers, but their reliance on a  single operating system kernel means that there … In this paper, we use the term Linux containers  to describe the implementation, while being aware that other operating systems provide …
Dextres: Wearable haptic feedback for grasping in vr via a thin form-factor electrostatic brake | R Hinchet, V Vechev, H Shea, O Hilliges - … 31st Annual ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | We introduce DextrES, a flexible and wearable haptic glove which integrates both kinesthetic  and cutaneous feedback in a thin and light form factor (weight is less than 8g). Our approach  is based on an electrostatic clutch generating up to 20 N of holding force on each finger by …
Offloading distributed applications onto smartNICs using iPipe | M Liu, T Cui, H Schuh, A Krishnamurthy… - … of the ACM Special …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 25th symposium on operating systems principles. [18] Daniel E.  Eisenbud, Cheng Yi, Carlo Contavalli, Cody Smith, Roman Kononov, Eric Mann-Hielscher,  Ardas Cilingiroglu, Bin Cheyney, Wentao Shang, and Jinnah Dylan Hosein. …
Effects of latency jitter on simulator sickness in a search task | JP Stauffert, F Niebling… - 2018 IEEE Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Examples for influencing factors are hardware-based aspects such as interrupts, as well as  software-based aspects such as preemption by the operating system or interfering processes  or threads. Communication with other devices such as external trackers or other computers …
Ai2: Safety and robustness certification of neural networks with abstract interpretation | T Gehr, M Mirman, D Drachsler-Cohen… - … IEEE Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present AI 2 , the first sound and scalable analyzer for deep neural networks. Based on  overapproximation, AI 2 can automatically prove safety properties (eg, robustness) of realistic  neural networks (eg, convolutional neural networks). The key insight behind AI 2 is to …
Runtime analysis of whole-system provenance | T Pasquier, X Han, T Moyer, A Bates… - … of the 2018 ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In support of this goal, we consider methods for the deep integration of provenance capture  and analysis within the operating system. We introduce CamQuery, a framework that supports  runtime analysis of provenance and thus enables its practical use for a variety of security …
RoMA: Interactive fabrication with augmented reality and a robotic 3D printer | H Peng, J Briggs, CY Wang, K Guo, J Kider… - … in computing systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on servers … In Proceedings  of the 26th annual ACM symposium on User interface software and technology (UIST '13), …
Tacttoo: A thin and feel-through tattoo for on-skin tactile output | A Withana, D Groeger, J Steimle - … of the 31st Annual ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the 31st Annual ACM Symposium on User Interface Software and Technology:  Tacttoo: A Thin and Feel-Through Tattoo … In Proceedings of the 32nd annual ACM conference  on Human factors in computing systems - CHI ’14. ACM Press, New York, New York, USA…
Characterizing the natural language descriptions in software logging statements | P He, Z Chen, S He, MR Lyu - Proceedings of the 33rd ACM/IEEE …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy … Description text describes the specific system operation  in runtime, which is the main focus of this paper, while variables record necessary system …
Machine learning-assisted signature and heuristic-based detection of malwares in Android devices | ZU Rehman, SN Khan, K Muhammad, JW Lee… - Computers & Electrical …, 2018 - Elsevier | … A Smartphone requires applications and Operating System (OS) to facilitate users. Different  operating systems are available for Smartphone's like iOS, Windows, Blackberry OS and  Android. Android is the most famous among these platforms. Every day, approximately 1.3 …
GB-PANDAS: Throughput and heavy-traffic optimality analysis for affinity scheduling | A Yekkehkhany, A Hojjati, MH Hajiesmaili - ACM SIGMETRICS …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Dynamic affinity scheduling has been an open problem for nearly three decades. The problem  is to dynamically schedule multi-type tasks to multi-skilled servers such that the resulting  queueing system is both stable in the capacity region (throughput optimality) and the mean …
Sgtoolkit: An interactive gesture authoring toolkit for embodied conversational agents | Y Yoon, K Park, M Jang, J Kim, G Lee - … 34th Annual ACM Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Publication rights licensed to ACM. ACM acknowledges that this contribution was authored  or co-authored by an employee, contractor or afliate of a national government. As such, the  Government retains a nonexclusive, royalty-free right to publish or reproduce this article, or to …
PIR with compressed queries and amortized query processing | S Angel, H Chen, K Laine… - … symposium on security and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Private information retrieval (PIR) is a key building block in many privacy-preserving systems.  Unfortunately, existing constructions remain very expensive. This paper introduces two  techniques that make the computational variant of PIR (CPIR) more efficient in practice. The first …
Robust anomaly detection and backdoor attack detection via differential privacy | M Du, R Jia, D Song - arXiv preprint arXiv:1911.07116, 2019 - arxiv.org | … In Proceedings of the ACM SIGOPS 22nd symposium on Operating systems principles,  pages 117–132. … In Proceedings of the forty-seventh annual ACM symposium on Theory  of computing, pages 117–126. ACM, 2015. …
Probius: Automated approach for vnf and service chain analysis in software-defined nfv | J Nam, J Seo, S Shin - Proceedings of the Symposium on SDN …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on … In Proceedings  of the ACM/IEEE symposium on Architectures for networking and communications systems. ACM. …
TRAGEN: a synthetic trace generator for realistic cache simulations | A Sabnis, RK Sitaraman - Proceedings of the 21st ACM Internet …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … system that implements a given caching policy (say, LRU), we state that two traces Π and  𝑆 are similar if the HRC of the caching system for trace Π is similar to the HRC of the system …  In Proceedings of the 13th international workshop on Network and operating systems support …
Cybersecurity dynamics: A foundation for the science of cybersecurity | S Xu - Proactive and dynamic network defense, 2019 - Springer | … Specifically, MTD can be employed at the operating system/hypervisor layer by frequently  changing the underlying operating system/hypervisor environment (eg, using VM migration).  Anonymous communication can be leveraged to disrupt the attacker’s reconnaissance …
An improved cutting plane method for convex optimization, convex-concave games, and its applications | H Jiang, YT Lee, Z Song, SC Wong - … Annual ACM SIGACT Symposium …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the thiry-fourth annual ACM symposium on Theory of computing (STOC),  pages 109–115. ACM, 2002. [BW14] Christos Boutsidis and David P Woodruff… In Proceedings  of the forty-seventh annual ACM symposium on Theory of computing (STOC), pages 21–30. …
Investigating system operators' perspective on security misconfigurations | C Dietrich, K Krombholz, K Borgolte… - … of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … the type of system that they operate, for example, network operator or system administrator),  and they are responsible for configuring … systems they find particularly hard to operate and  why (in a free-text field), as they may point at particularly hard-to-use or unpopular systems …
Edge computing perspectives: architectures, technologies, and open security issues | M Caprolu, R Di Pietro, F Lombardi… - 2019 IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , be it a regular server distribution or an embedded operating system—for its proven reliability,  … provides an hypervisor able to run an operating system or a bare-metal application2. … ,  the unikernel, and the Real Time Operating System approaches and technologies. Then, we …
A manifesto for future generation cloud computing: Research directions for the next decade | R Buyya, SN Srirama, G Casale, R Calheiros… - ACM computing …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … single-level memory, which was the foundation of virtual memory for heterogeneous systems.  Similarly, IBM developed CP-67, which was one of the first attempts in virtualizing mainframe  operating systems to implement time-sharing. Later on VMWare used this technology for …
Dynamic malware analysis in the modern era—A state of the art survey | O Or-Meir, N Nissim, Y Elovici, L Rokach - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … , usually covertly, with the intent of compromising the confidentiality, integrity, or availability  of the victim’s data, applications, or operating system or otherwise annoying or disrupting the  victim. —NIST6 • Any program or file that is harmful to a computer user. Malicious programs …
Brick: Asynchronous Incentive-Compatible Payment Channels | Z Avarikioti, E Kokoris-Kogias, R Wattenhofer… - … Conference on Financial …, 2021 - Springer | … Hence, our dispute resolution mechanism is three orders of magnitude faster than existing  blockchain systems that need to wait until the transaction is finalized on-chain. We additionally  implement the on-chain operations of Brick in a Solidity smart contract that can be deployed …
Democratizing authority in the built environment | MP Andersen, J Kolb, K Chen, G Fierro… - ACM Transactions on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Operating systems and applications in the built environment have relied upon central … to  extend the design of building operating systems beyond the single administrative domain of a  … , and briefly describe a prototypical democratized operating system for the built environment …
Statistics of software vulnerability detection in certification testing | AV Barabanov, AS Markov… - Journal of Physics …, 2018 - iopscience.iop.org | … Types of attack vectors falling in the Other category are as follows: remote execution of  operating system commands by data transfer in HTTP … for protection profiles for application  programs, operating systems, access control policy tools and mobile device protection tools. …
Kairos: Preemptive data center scheduling without runtime estimates | P Delgado, D Didona, F Dinu… - … of the ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In case there are n youngest tasks with the same attained service, all of them are assigned  an equal 1/n share of processing time, ie, they run according to the Processor Sharing (PS)  scheduling policy (as in typical multiprogramming operating systems). LAS makes use of …
Optimizing network performance for distributed dnn training on gpu clusters: Imagenet/alexnet training in 1.5 minutes | P Sun, W Feng, R Han, S Yan, Y Wen - arXiv preprint arXiv:1902.06855, 2019 - arxiv.org | It is important to scale out deep neural network (DNN) training for reducing model training time.  The high communication overhead is one of the major performance bottlenecks for distributed  DNN training across multiple GPUs. Our investigations have shown that popular open-…
Auditing differentially private machine learning: How private is private sgd? | M Jagielski, J Ullman, A Oprea - arXiv preprint arXiv:2006.07709, 2020 - arxiv.org | We investigate whether Differentially Private SGD offers better privacy in practice than what is  guaranteed by its state-of-the-art analysis. We do so via novel data poisoning attacks, which  we show correspond to realistic privacy attacks. While previous work (Ma et al., arXiv 2019…
Renewable Energy-Aware Heuristic Algorithms for Edge Server Selection for Stream Data Processing | T Szydlo, C Gniady - International Conference on Computational Science, 2021 - Springer | … In this paper, we focus on stream data processing systems based on a programming paradigm  that emphasizes data flows [1, 4] generated by IoT devices. This class of systems’ characteristic  property is that they define applications as directed graphs where vertices correspond …
Third party tracking in the mobile ecosystem | R Binns, U Lyngs, M Van Kleek, J Zhao… - … of the 10th ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … With respect to smartphone operating systems, Apple and Google have the power to exert  varying degrees of control over the behaviour of apps appearing in … In Proceedings of the  5th ACM symposium on information, computer and communications security. ACM, 328–332. …
Big data analytics for manufacturing internet of things: opportunities, challenges and enabling technologies | HN Dai, H Wang, G Xu, J Wan… - … Information Systems, 2020 - Taylor & Francis | … can be emulated on a single computer system. VMs can help to achieve the isolation of multiple  virtual operating systems, on top of which multiple applications can be supported. Different  from VMs, containers run on top of a single operating system and a single hardware while …
An automated approach to estimating code coverage measures via execution logs | B Chen, J Song, P Xu, X Hu, ZM Jiang - Proceedings of the 33rd ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … In this paper, we focused on the server-side  systems mainly because these systems use logs extensively for a variety of tasks. All these …
Taming fNIRS-based BCI Input for Better Calibration and Broader Use | L Wang, Z Huang, Z Zhou, D McKeon… - … ACM Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … We have investigated all 30 papers that match a keyword search for fNIRS and were published  within the last five years in the ACM digital library. As noted above, the best … In Proceedings  of the 27th annual ACM symposium on User interface software and technology. 583–593. …
Blockchain-based distributed software-defined vehicular networks via deep q-learning | C Qiu, FR Yu, F Xu, H Yao, C Zhao - … of the 8th ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy … Since lots of data needs to be synchronized in SDVN, and  the throughput of BC system is limited by many aspects, we virtualize and jointly consider …
A comprehensive survey on parallelization and elasticity in stream processing | H Röger, R Mayer - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In this section, we briefly introduce a generic SP system model, properties of SP systems  related to parallelization and … system determines what operations the system supports. We  distinguish General SP Systems (GP) and the more specialized Complex Event Systems (CEP): …
Recent advances in convolutional neural network acceleration | Q Zhang, M Zhang, T Chen, Z Sun, Y Ma, B Yu - Neurocomputing, 2019 - Elsevier | In recent years, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown great performance in  various fields such as image classification, pattern recognition, and multi-media compression.  Two of the feature properties, local connectivity and weight sharing, can reduce the number of …
CheriABI: Enforcing valid pointer provenance and minimizing pointer privilege in the POSIX C run-time environment | B Davis, RNM Watson, A Richardson… - … and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … To investigate this notion at scale, we describe the first adaptation of a full C-language  operating system (FreeBSD) with an enterprise database (PostgreSQL) for complete spatial  and referential memory safety. We show that awareness of abstract capabilities, coupled with …
Computing graph neural networks: A survey from algorithms to accelerators | S Abadal, A Jain, R Guirado, J López-Alonso… - ACM Computing …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … First, we observe that a quantitative comparison among systems is very difficult due to the  lack of a common baseline system and a GNN benchmark suite with a representative set of  algorithms, datasets, and design targets. To bridge this gap, initiatives such as the Open Graph …
Snowflake to avalanche: A novel metastable consensus protocol family for cryptocurrencies | T Rocket - Available [online].[Accessed: 4-12 …, 2018 - knowen-production.s3.amazonaws … | … well compared to existing systems that deliver similar functionality. For our implementation  and setup, the bottleneck of the system is in transaction verification. … We show that this is a  sensible tradeoff, and that resulting system is sufficient for building complex payment systems. …
Multi-Agent Systems' Negotiation Protocols for Cyber-Physical Systems: Results from a Systematic Literature Review. | D Calvaresi, K Appoggetti, L Lustrissimini… - ICAART …, 2018 - pdfs.semanticscholar.org | … Specification and verification of agent interaction protocols in a logic-based system. In  Proceedings of the 2004 ACM symposium on Applied computing, pages 72–78. ACM.  Atkinson, K., Bench-Capon, T., and Mcburney, P. (2005). …
Towards IoT-DDoS prevention using edge computing | K Bhardwaj, JC Miranda, A Gavrilovska - {USENIX} Workshop on Hot …, 2018 - usenix.org | Application-level DDoS attacks mounted using compromised IoT devices are emerging as a  critical problem. The application-level and seemingly legitimate nature of traffic in such attacks  renders most existing solutions ineffective, and the sheer amount and distribution of the …
Bridge the gap between neural networks and neuromorphic hardware with a neural network compiler | Y Ji, Y Zhang, W Chen, Y Xie - … Languages and Operating Systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … core-op–like operations ˆf ∈ ˆF can be  combined by core-ops in F′, we expand all operations in ˆG into individual subgraphs consisting …
Verifying software network functions with no verification expertise | A Zaostrovnykh, S Pirelli, R Iyer, M Rizzo… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … This is because a large part of the commodity operating system remains live, even if it is not  directly invoked by the NF or the packet … is a small, custom operating system that can be  automatically verified. We think of this as an NF-specific operating system, or NFOS. The NFOS …
I'm not dead yet! the role of the operating system in a kernel-bypass era | I Zhang, J Liu, A Austin, ML Roberts… - … in Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … kernel from the fast I/O path, relegating the kernel to slow, control-path operations. This  datacenter trend raises an important question for operating system researchers: What role does  the operating system play in the upcoming kernel-bypass era? As shown in Figure 1, kernel-…
System evaluation of the intel optane byte-addressable nvm | IB Peng, MB Gokhale, EW Green - … Symposium on Memory Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … The platform runs operating system Fedora 29 with GNU/Linux 5.1.0. We compile all  applications using GCC 8.3.1 compiler with support for OpenMP. We use the Intel Memory  Latency Checker (MLC) [9] to quantify the latency and bandwidth for benchmarking. …
Demystifying arm trustzone: A comprehensive survey | S Pinto, N Santos - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … In particular, by constraining the operating  system (OS) to operate within the boundaries of the normal world, critical applications can …
A directed acyclic graph approach to online log parsing | P He, J Zhu, P Xu, Z Zheng, MR Lyu - arXiv preprint arXiv:1806.04356, 2018 - arxiv.org | … To evaluate the performance of Drain, we collect 11 log datasets generated by real-world  systems, ranging from distributed systems, Web applications, supercomputers, operating  systems, to standalone software. The experimental results show that Drain has the highest …
Minimax-optimal privacy-preserving sparse pca in distributed systems | J Ge, Z Wang, M Wang, H Liu - International Conference on …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … In Proceedings of ACM Symposium on Principles of Database Systems, pages 128–138. … In  Proceedings of the forty-fourth annual ACM symposium on Theory of computing, pages  1255–1268. ACM, 2012. [17] Moritz Hardt and Aaron Roth. Beyond worst-case analysis in private …
Modeling and analysis of performance and energy consumption in cloud data centers | S El Kafhali, K Salah - Arabian Journal for Science and …, 2018 - researchgate.net | … In IaaS model, the client can exploit many virtualized computing resources, in the form of  VM instances, in order to deploy applications, which may include operating systems and  other applications over the Internet [4]. In PaaS model, the client has the possibility to use the …
Faster: A concurrent key-value store with in-place updates | B Chandramouli, G Prasaad, D Kossmann… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Several caching protocols have been proposed in the context of buffer pool management  in databases and virtual memory management in operating systems such as First-In First-Out  (FIFO), CLOCK, Least Recently Used (LRU) and an extended version of LRU, the LRU-K[33] …
Scaling Byzantine consensus: A broad analysis | C Berger, HP Reiser - Proceedings of the 2nd Workshop on Scalable …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Blockchains and distributed ledger technology (DLT) that rely on Proof-of-Work (PoW)  typically show limited performance. Several recent approaches incorporate Byzantine fault-tolerant  (BFT) consensus protocols in their DLT design as Byzantine consensus allows for …
An experimental framework for improving the performance of BFT consensus for future permissioned blockchains | MK Sit, M Bravo, Z István - … on Distributed and Event-based Systems, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … To alleviate the cost of these operations, we propose two strategies for incorporating  specialized hardware, namely, emerging Smart … fabric: a distributed operating system for  permissioned blockchains. In Proceedings of the Thirteenth EuroSys Conference (2018), ACM, p. …
Secure genome-wide association analysis using multiparty computation | H Cho, DJ Wu, B Berger - Nature biotechnology, 2018 - nature.com | … Note that all our operations were performed securely without revealing any of the  underlying data to the CPs; only the individual data providers (ie, SPs) had access to their  own raw data. … channels for untrusted operating systems. Proceedings of the 2015 IEEE …
A state of art survey for concurrent computation and clustering of parallel computing for distributed systems | H Shukur, SRM Zeebaree, AJ Ahmed, RR Zebari… - Journal of Applied …, 2020 - jastt.org | … Urushibara, “The impact of operating system scheduling policies and synchronization  methods of performance of parallel applications,” in Proceedings of the 1991 ACM SIGMETRICS  conference on Measurement and modeling of computer systems, 1991, pp. 120–132. …
Combining containers and virtual machines to enhance isolation and extend functionality on cloud computing | I Mavridis, H Karatza - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … Furthermore, we presented for first time, how isolation is applied on virtual machines and  containers, we evaluated different operating systems optimized to host containers, mechanisms  of storing persistent data and, last but not least, we experimentally quantified the power and …
Dawn: Dynamic adversarial watermarking of neural networks | S Szyller, BG Atli, S Marchal, N Asokan - Proceedings of the 29th ACM …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the 29th ACM International Conference on Multimedia: DAWN: Dynamic  Adversarial Watermarking of Neural Networks … Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. …  Targeted backdoor attacks on deep learning systems using data poisoning. arXiv preprint …
Just gaze and wave: exploring the use of gaze and gestures for shoulder-surfing resilient authentication | Y Abdrabou, M Khamis, RM Eisa, S Ismail… - … 11th ACM Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Eye-gaze and mid-air gestures are promising for resisting various types of side-channel attacks  during authentication. However, to date, a comparison of the different authentication modalities  is missing. We investigate multiple authentication mechanisms that leverage gestures, …
Vulnerability analysis and mitigation of directed timing inference based attacks on time-triggered systems | K Krüger, M Volp, G Fohler - LIPIcs-Leibniz International Proceedings in …, 2018 - orbilu.uni.lu | … operating systems (RTOS) that feature memory isolation support this assumption unless  attackers are able to penetrate the operating system. … Furthermore, we assume that the global  clock remains under exclusive control of the operating system and that it cannot be affected by …
Graph processing on GPUs: A survey | X Shi, Z Zheng, Y Zhou, H Jin, L He, B Liu… - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise… processing systems, including their data  layout, parallel graph programming models, and their system implementations and optimizations. …
A blockchain-based access control system for cloud storage | I Sukhodolskiy, S Zapechnikov - 2018 IEEE Conference of …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The main result of this work is the implementation of a software system prototype that  implements the access control model of the system to data stored in untrusted environments. To  implement the system algorithms have been selected acceptable complexity, functionality, and …
Using high-bandwidth networks efficiently for fast graph computation | Y Cheng, H Jiang, F Wang, Y Hua… - … Distributed Systems, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … First, in order to avoid kernel overhead of operating system, our communication model first  employs the Data Plane Development Kit (DPDK) [15], a fast user-space packet processing  framework that has been gaining increasing attention [12], [15], [16], [19]. DPDK allows user-…
Charticulator: Interactive construction of bespoke chart layouts | D Ren, B Lee, M Brehmer - IEEE transactions on visualization …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … trends of mobile operating systems from 2009 to 2016… operating system is connected by  a band; a crossing of the bands shows a rank change. We begin by adding a rectangle mark to  the glyph by dragging it from the toolbar into the glyph editor. To indicate the operating system…
Astra: Exploiting predictability to optimize deep learning | M Sivathanu, T Chugh, SS Singapuram… - … and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | We present Astra, a compilation and execution framework that optimizes execution of a deep  learning training job. Instead of treating the computation as a generic data flow graph, Astra  exploits domain knowledge about deep learning to adopt a custom approach to compiler …
Bit-tactical: A software/hardware approach to exploiting value and bit sparsity in neural networks | A Delmas Lascorz, P Judd, DM Stuart… - … and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is  permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on servers or to redistribute to lists,  requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. …
A survey of side-channel attacks on caches and countermeasures | Y Lyu, P Mishra - Journal of Hardware and Systems Security, 2018 - Springer | … OS, single-core x86 system), substantial adjustments are required after updates of the  operating system or moving to a different machine. … In: Proceedings of the 2Nd ACM symposium  on information, computer and communications security, ACM, New York, ASIACCS ’07, pp …
The elasticity and plasticity in semi-containerized co-locating cloud workload: a view from alibaba trace | Q Liu, Z Yu - Proceedings of the ACM Symposium on Cloud …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … of the Twenty-Fourth ACM Symposium on  Operating Systems Principles, SOSP ’13, pages 69–84, New York, NY, USA, 2013. ACM. [29] M. …
Self-testing of quantum systems: a review | I Šupić, J Bowles - Quantum, 2020 - quantum-journal.org | Self-testing is a method to infer the underlying physics of a quantum experiment in a black  box scenario. As such it represents the strongest form of certification for quantum systems.  In recent years a considerable self-testing literature has developed, leading to progress in …
iDO: Compiler-directed failure atomicity for nonvolatile memory | Q Liu, J Izraelevitz, SK Lee, ML Scott… - … Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … of systems in which main memory, accessed with ordinary loads and stores, is simply “always  available,” and need not be flushed to the file system … • We compare the performance of iDO  to that of several existing systems, demonstrating up to an order of magnitude improvement …
Truth will out: Departure-based process-level detection of stealthy attacks on control systems | W Aoudi, M Iturbe, M Almgren - … of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Evolving from isolated systems running proprietary control protocols using specialized  hardware and software, ICS are increasingly adopting IT solutions by using industry-standard  network protocols and operating systems to promote corporate connectivity and meet …
Synchronous Byzantine Agreement with Expected O(1) Rounds, Expected  Communication, and Optimal Resilience | I Abraham, S Devadas, D Dolev, K Nayak… - … Conference on Financial …, 2019 - Springer | We present new protocols for Byzantine agreement in the synchronous and authenticated  setting, tolerating the optimal number of f faults among $$n=2f+1$$ parties. Our protocols  achieve an expected O(1) round complexity and an expected $$O(n^2)$$ communication …
Espresso: Brewing java for more non-volatility with non-volatile memory | M Wu, Z Zhao, H Li, H Li, H Chen, B Zang… - … and Operating Systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … The operating system is Linux-4.9.6. We  set the maximum Java heap size to 8G for evaluation. All baseline in this section are running on …
Iris: A conversational agent for complex tasks | E Fast, B Chen, J Mendelsohn, J Bassen… - … in Computing Systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Our system transforms Python functions into composable automata and regulates the set  of possible automata compositions through a conversational type … In Proceedings of the  27th annual ACM symposium on User interface software and technology, ACM, 2014. …
KondoCloud: Improving Information Management in Cloud Storage via Recommendations Based on File Similarity | W Brackenbury, A McNutt, K Chard, A Elmore… - … ACM Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … than local storage [22], the robust Google Drive API enables more privacy-preserving data  collection than building our own infrastructure from scratch, and the organization of local  storage can be confounded due to operating-system-specific factors [29]. We conducted each …
A survey and classification of the workload forecasting methods in cloud computing | M Masdari, A Khoshnevis - Cluster Computing, 2020 - Springer | … the horizontal case [12], more VMs are provisioned as predicted to deal with the future  loads and in the vertical case, the existing VMs’ resources should be increased [7, 13, 14],  but often operating systems do not allow such changes because of the security risks [15,16,17,18]. …
State machine replication in the libra blockchain | M Baudet, A Ching, A Chursin, G Danezis… - The Libra Assn., Tech …, 2019 - cryptorating.eu | This report presents LibraBFT, a robust and efficient state machine replication system designed  for the Libra Blockchain. LibraBFT is based on HotStuff, a recent protocol that leverages  several decades of scientific advances in Byzantine fault tolerance (BFT) and achieves the …
Capband: Battery-free successive capacitance sensing wristband for hand gesture recognition | H Truong, S Zhang, U Muncuk, P Nguyen… - … Sensor Systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … Since the system boot-up happens  only once, we investigate and design the duty cycle of the system to be under the coverage of the …
Sgxpectre: Stealing intel secrets from sgx enclaves via speculative execution | G Chen, S Chen, Y Xiao, Y Zhang… - … European Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … are isolated from the rest of the software systems. Even privileged software such as operating  systems and hypervisors are not allowed to … [63], [2], aiming to protect cloud data against  compromised operating systems or hypervisors, or even “malicious insiders with administrative …
Approximate communication: Techniques for reducing communication bottlenecks in large-scale parallel systems | F Betzel, K Khatamifard, H Suresh, DJ Lilja… - ACM Computing …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … multiprocessor systems means that we may want to  rethink, and subsequently redesign, several elements in the traditional hardware–software stack…
Revisiting fast practical byzantine fault tolerance: Thelma, velma, and zelma | I Abraham, G Gueta, D Malkhi, JP Martin - arXiv preprint arXiv:1801.10022, 2018 - arxiv.org | In a previous note (arXiv:1712.01367 [cs.DC]) , we observed a safety violation in Zyzzyva  and a liveness violation in FaB. In this manuscript, we sketch fixes to both. The same view-change  core is applied in the two schemes, and additionally, applied to combine them and create …
New deep learning method to detect code injection attacks on hybrid applications | R Yan, X Xiao, G Hu, S Peng, Y Jiang - Journal of Systems and Software, 2018 - Elsevier | … Android is so popular, so in this paper, we mainly focus on Android, but the idea can also  be applied to other mobile operating systems. … , developers can easily build hybrid apps for  different mobile operating systems with HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Hybrid HTML5 application …
Scalable graph processing frameworks: A taxonomy and open challenges | S Heidari, Y Simmhan, RN Calheiros… - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … When the buffer manager is being sent an asynchronous input/output by a callback thread, it  sends the demand to the FlashSSD via the operating system, after which the control of execution  goes back to the calling thread immediately. The main goal in this system is to reach all …
ECharts: a declarative framework for rapid construction of web-based visualization | D Li, H Mei, Y Shen, S Su, W Zhang, J Wang, M Zu… - Visual Informatics, 2018 - Elsevier | … Charts created with ECharts are typically embedded in Web pages, and may be  presented in different Web browsers, Operating Systems, and devices. ECharts provides  rendering charts with Canvas, SVG, and VML, which have advantages on different platforms. …
In-register parameter caching for dynamic neural nets with virtual persistent processor specialization | F Khorasani, HA Esfeden… - … Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we present a software system that enables persistency of weight matrices  during the training of dynamic neural networks on the GPU. Before the training begins, our  approach named Virtual Persistent Processor Specialization (VPPS) specializes a forward-…
Secure disintegration protocol for privacy preserving cloud storage | BS Rawal, V Vijayakumar, G Manogaran… - Wireless personal …, 2018 - Springer | … Partitioning is used for providing various features to support many applications and operating  systems on a single system [40]. Every virtual machine is isolated from its host physical system  and other virtualized machines. Hence, isolation is used for providing various features in …
Scalable distributed dnn training using tensorflow and cuda-aware mpi: Characterization, designs, and performance evaluation | AA Awan, J Bédorf, CH Chu… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The current wave of advances in Deep Learning (DL) have been triggered by the availability of  large-scale datasets, efficient CPU and GPU hardware, and development of software  frameworks like TensorFlow (TF). However, little exists in literature that addresses TensorFlow's …
Automated detection, exploitation, and elimination of double-fetch bugs using modern CPU features | M Schwarz, D Gruss, M Lipp, C Maurice… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We will now discuss how DECAF augments existing fuzzers to discover double fetches  within operating system kernels fully automatically. … Thereby, we demonstrate that DECAF  is a generic technique and does not depend on a specific fuzzer or operating system. Our …
TeSSLa: runtime verification of non-synchronized real-time streams | M Leucker, C Sánchez, T Scheffel, M Schmitz… - … ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | We present TeSSLa, a specification language based on stream run-time verification, designed  for monitoring a specific class of real-time signals. Our monitors can observe concurrent  systems with a shared clock, but where each component reports observations as signals that …
Samadroid: a novel 3-level hybrid malware detection model for android operating system | S Arshad, MA Shah, A Wahid, A Mehmood… - IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … operating system is known to be the most popular and widely used operating system.  According to the Gartner report, Android dominated the operating system … Figure 1 shows the  market shares of Android operating system on yearly basis. It can be observed that Android has …
Heteroedge: taming the heterogeneity of edge computing system in social sensing | D Zhang, T Rashid, X Li, N Vance, D Wang - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … For example, a device may have an incompatible operating system or lack the necessary  dependencies to execute a social sensing algorithm (eg, a deep learning algorithm cannot run  on a device without necessary libraries such as Tensorflow or CUDA). To address this issue, …
Demystifying deception technology: A survey | D Fraunholz, SD Anton, C Lipps, D Reti… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … server and operating system versions, fake entries in the robot.txt file, dynamically injected  honeylinks and false error responses on file access to mitigate brute-forcing attempts of the file  system. A … Proceedings of the twentieth ACM symposium on Operating systems principles - …
Deepattest: an end-to-end attestation framework for deep neural networks | H Chen, C Fu, BD Rouhani, J Zhao… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … More specifically, we consider the following three adversarial levels: (i) Operating System  (OS) is trusted and can lock the pages allocated for the weight data. In this case, the weights  in the main memory will not be tampered or evicted. (ii) OS cannot lock the memory but is able …
Server selection, configuration and reconfiguration technology for IaaS cloud with multiple server types | Y Yamato - Journal of Network and Systems Management, 2018 - Springer | We propose a server selection, configuration, reconfiguration and automatic performance  verification technology to meet user functional and performance requirements on various  types of cloud compute servers. Various servers mean there are not only virtual machines on …
The advances and challenges of deep learning application in biological big data processing | L Peng, M Peng, B Liao, G Huang, W Li… - Current …, 2018 - ingentaconnect.com | Background: Bioinformatics research comes into an era of big data. Mining potential value  in biological big data for scientific research and health care field has the vital significance.  Deep learning as new machine learning algorithms, on the basis of big data and high …
Enabling a permanent revolution in internet architecture | J McCauley, Y Harchol, A Panda, B Raghavan… - … of the ACM Special …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … First, we must distinguish between the broad concerns of operating systems and applications,  and the more narrow responsibilities of the network itself. Second, for those concerns that  are the responsibility of the network, we must distinguish between those which must be …
Scalable system scheduling for HPC and big data | A Reuther, C Byun, W Arcand, D Bestor… - Journal of Parallel and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … In the rapidly expanding field of parallel processing, job schedulers are the “operating  systems” of modern big data architectures and supercomputing systems. Job schedulers allocate  computing resources and control the execution of processes on those resources. Historically, …
A survey of coarse-grained reconfigurable architecture and design: Taxonomy, challenges, and applications | L Liu, J Zhu, Z Li, Y Lu, Y Deng, J Han, S Yin… - ACM Computing …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Virtualization facilitates the usage of CGRAs with unified models such that CGRAs can be  easily incorporated into operating systems. … Virtualization of reconfigurable components  can be traced back to the idea of integrating FPGAs into operating systems in 1990s. CGRA …
A configurable cloud-scale DNN processor for real-time AI | J Fowers, K Ovtcharov, M Papamichael… - … Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We have developed a full-system architecture for DNN inference that uses a different  approach [1], [2]. Rather than driving up throughput at the … While the BW system currently runs  multiFPGA models in production, the focus of this paper is on single-node evaluation of popular …
An open-source benchmark suite for microservices and their hardware-software implications for cloud & edge systems | Y Gan, Y Zhang, D Cheng, A Shetty, P Rathi… - … and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We then use DeathStarBench to study the architectural characteristics of microservices, their  implications in networking and operating systems… We now examine the role of operating  systems and networking under the new microservices model. OS vs. user-level breakdown: Fig. …
Serving dnns in real time at datacenter scale with project brainwave | E Chung, J Fowers, K Ovtcharov, M Papamichael… - iEEE Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The rest of this article describes the Project Brainwave system in detail. We provide  background on the system and tool chain that translates high-level models onto Brainwave NPUs.  We then describe the soft NPU architecture, its microarchitecture, and implementation. Finally, …
Methodological principles for reproducible performance evaluation in cloud computing | AV Papadopoulos, L Versluis, A Bauer… - IEEE Transactions …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The ACM Symposium on Principles of Database Systems (SIGMOD), a leading conference on  data management and databases, has been an … This description should include the operating  system and software versions, and all the information related to the configuration of each …
Graphq: Scalable pim-based graph processing | Y Zhuo, C Wang, M Zhang, R Wang, D Niu… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … If we replace most AUs with PUs, the  system is bottlenecked by the AU operations, ie, writing to SPM. In this setting, total cycles will …
Clock around the clock: Time-based device fingerprinting | I Sanchez-Rola, I Santos, D Balzarotti - Proceedings of the 2018 ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … time-based device fingerprinting technique running natively in the target operating system. We  perform this test even when it is known that you … In Proceedings of the 9th ACM symposium  on Information, computer and communications security. ACM, 3–14. [26] Pierre Laperdrix, …
μ suite: a benchmark suite for microservices | A Sriraman, TF Wenisch - 2018 IEEE International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We first analyze various system call invocation distributions per QPS for μSuite in Figs. 11,  12, 13, 14. We find that futex (fast userspace mutex) system calls are invoked most frequently  by all services. Our services involve (1) network threads locking the front-end query reception …
SoK: sanitizing for security | D Song, J Lettner, P Rajasekaran, Y Na… - … IEEE Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … C and C++ remain the languages of choice for low-level systems software such as operating  system kernels, runtime libraries, and browsers. A key reason is that they are efficient  and leave the programmer in full control of the underlying hardware. On the flip side, the …
Towards general purpose acceleration by exploiting common data-dependence forms | V Dadu, J Weng, S Liu, T Nowatzki - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We support only common integer operations within this pipeline (add, sub, min, max). The  pipeline stalls only if subsequent updates are to … Indirect write and update are generally one-way  communication operations, but we provide support to synchronize on the last write/update …
Slalom: Fast, verifiable and private execution of neural networks in trusted hardware | F Tramer, D Boneh - arXiv preprint arXiv:1806.03287, 2018 - arxiv.org | … programs on the same host, including the operating system. Enclaves can produce remote  attestations—digital signatures over an enclave’s code—that a remote party can verify using  the manufacturer’s public key. Our experiments with Slalom use hardware enclaves provided …
Automated accessibility testing of mobile apps | MM Eler, JM Rojas, Y Ge… - 2018 IEEE 11th …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … can find many flaws even if the assistive features of modern mobile operating systems are  enabled (Section IV). In our experiments on … While modern mobile operating systems offer  assistive features such as contrast enhancement, our experiments show that MATE can find …
Parallel approximate undirected shortest paths via low hop emulators | A Andoni, C Stein, P Zhong - … the 52nd Annual ACM SIGACT Symposium …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted.  To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on servers or to redistribute to lists, requires prior  specific permission and/or a fee. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. STOC ’20, …
Slack squeeze coded computing for adaptive straggler mitigation | KG Narra, Z Lin, M Kiamari, S Avestimehr… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To … “system noise” that is due to several factors such as heterogeneity  of hardware, hardware failures, disk IO delay, communication delay, operating system …
I/O Braid: Scalable touch-sensitive lighted cords using spiraling, repeating sensing textiles and fiber optics | A Olwal, J Moeller, G Priest-Dorman, T Starner… - … ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | We introduce I/O Braid, an interactive textile cord with embedded sensing and visual feedback.  I/O Braid senses proximity, touch, and twist through a spiraling, repeating braiding topology  of touch matrices. This sensing topology is uniquely scalable, requiring only a few sensing …
Hardware-backed heist: Extracting ECDSA keys from qualcomm's trustzone | K Ryan - Proceedings of the 2019 ACM SIGSAC Conference on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Even if an attacker fully compromises the operating system on a device, the secrets kept within  the TEE should remain secure. … In the controlled channel attack [73], an untrusted operating  system uses page faults to leak coarse control-flow information from SGX-based TEEs. The …
Next generation cloud computing: New trends and research directions | B Varghese, R Buyya - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Finally, we lay out a roadmap of challenges that will need to be addressed for realising  the potential of next generation cloud systems. … Application and operating system  containers may substitute the more heavyweight virtual machines for deploying workloads. …
CROSSBOW: scaling deep learning with small batch sizes on multi-gpu servers | A Koliousis, P Watcharapichat, M Weidlich… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | Deep learning models are trained on servers with many GPUs, and training must scale with  the number of GPUs. Systems such as TensorFlow and Caffe2 train models with parallel  synchronous stochastic gradient descent: they process a batch of training data at a time, …
Arrow: Low-level augmented bayesian optimization for finding the best cloud vm | CJ Hsu, V Nair, VW Freeh… - … Computing Systems  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | With the advent of big data applications, which tend to have longer execution time, choosing  the right cloud VM has significant performance and economic implications. For example, in  our large-scale empirical study of 107 different workloads on three popular big data systems, …
Automated Runtime-Aware Scheduling for Multi-Tenant DNN Inference on GPU | F Yu, S Bray, D Wang, L Shangguan… - 2021 IEEE/ACM …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | With the fast development of deep neural networks (DNNs), many real-world applications  are adopting multiple models to conduct compound tasks, such as co-running classification,  detection, and segmentation models on autonomous vehicles. Such multi-tenant DNN …
On security challenges and open issues in Internet of Things | K Sha, W Wei, TA Yang, Z Wang, W Shi - … Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … operating systems using various communication channels. These heterogeneities make  traditional security solutions not applicable to IoT systems… Therefore, security solutions that  work in Window systems may not work for other operating systems such as Android, iOS, TinyOS, …
OpenMP loop scheduling revisited: making a case for more schedules | FM Ciorba, C Iwainsky, P Buder - International Workshop on OpenMP, 2018 - Springer | … The impact of irregularity in computational workloads and hardware systems, including  operating system noise, on the performance of parallel applications results in performance  loss and has often been neglected in loop scheduling research, in particular the context of …
μlayer: Low latency on-device inference using cooperative single-layer acceleration and processor-friendly quantization | Y Kim, J Kim, D Chae, D Kim, J Kim - Proceedings of the Fourteenth …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is  permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on servers or to redistribute to lists,  requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. …
Evil twins and WPA2 Enterprise: A coming security disaster? | A Bartoli, E Medvet, F Onesti - computers & security, 2018 - Elsevier | … the behavior of different operating systems when exposed to an ET pretending to be the  enterprise SSID. We worked in collaboration with the technical people responsible for the  networking infrastructure of our University, with the objective of assessing our IT security. …
Model checking for malicious family detection and phylogenetic analysis in mobile environment | MGCA Cimino, N De Francesco, F Mercaldo… - Computers & …, 2020 - Elsevier | … mobile applications from a set of system call traces gathered from it in response to a set of  operating system events. From the process … anti-malware software on desktop operating  systems, Android does not permit to monitor file system operations. An Android application, …
The art, science, and engineering of fuzzing: A survey | VJM Manès, HS Han, C Han, SK Cha… - IEEE Transactions …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Moreover, this policy is efficient and simple because operating systems allow such  exceptional situations to be trapped by the fuzzer without any instrumentation. However, the  traditional policy of detecting crashes will not detect some memory vulnerability that has been …
FingerPing: Recognizing fine-grained hand poses using active acoustic on-body sensing | C Zhang, Q Xue, A Waghmare, R Meng, S Jain… - … in Computing Systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … of the 27th annual ACM symposium  on User interface software and technology UIST '14. Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). …
{DIZK}: A distributed zero knowledge proof system | H Wu, W Zheng, A Chiesa, RA Popa… - … } Security Symposium  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Recently there has been much academic and industrial interest in practical implementations  of zero knowledge proofs. These techniques allow a party to prove to another party that a  given statement is true without revealing any additional information. In a Bitcoin-like system, …
A survey on forensic investigation of operating system logs | H Studiawan, F Sohel, C Payne - Digital Investigation, 2019 - Elsevier | … In this paper, we present a comprehensive literature survey of the forensic analysis on  operating system logs. We present a taxonomy of … in operating system log forensics research.  Finally, we suggest potential future directions on the topic of operating system log forensics. …
Ransomware deployment methods and analysis: views from a predictive model and human responses | G Hull, H John, B Arief - Crime Science, 2019 - Springer | … The results shed an interesting light into the most common attack methods, the most targeted  operating systems and the infection symptoms, as well as recommended defence mechanisms.  This information can be used in the future to create behavioural patterns for improved …
Diversification and obfuscation techniques for software security: A systematic literature review | S Hosseinzadeh, S Rauti, S Laurén, JM Mäkelä… - Information and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Some examples of the applications of these languages in the research include operating  systems and drivers, low-level libraries, server software, high performance computing, and  embedded software. The managed languages typically require a virtual machine to provide a …
Intelligent software engineering: Synergy between AI and software engineering | T Xie - International Symposium on Dependable Software …, 2018 - Springer | As an example of exploiting the synergy between AI and software engineering, the field of  intelligent software engineering has emerged with various advances in recent years. Such  field broadly addresses issues on intelligent [software engineering] and [intelligence software] …
Formfab: Continuous interactive fabrication | S Mueller, A Seufert, H Peng, R Kovacs… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In this paper, we propose an interactive fabrication system that can change a workpiece’s  shape continuously while the user is interacting. This … Copyrights for components of this  work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy …
Sok: A consensus taxonomy in the blockchain era | J Garay, A Kiayias - Cryptographers' Track at the RSA Conference, 2020 - Springer | Consensus is arguably one of the most fundamental problems in distributed computing,  playing also an important role in the area of cryptographic protocols as the enabler of a secure  broadcast functionality. While the problem has a long and rich history and has been analyzed …
DLion: Decentralized distributed deep learning in micro-clouds | R Hong, A Chandra - Proceedings of the 30th International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … • We design DLion as a generic and flexible system.  The system is well-modularized, so it is very easy to adopt different distributed DL systems and …
Rwguard: A real-time detection system against cryptographic ransomware | S Mehnaz, A Mudgerikar, E Bertino - … Symposium on Research in Attacks …, 2018 - Springer | … We consider the operating system to be trusted. Ransomware generally targets and encrypts  files that the user creates and cares about, and the user account already has all the privileges  to access these files. However, though the assumption that ransomware executes only …
In-memory data parallel processor | D Fujiki, S Mahlke, R Das - ACM SIGPLAN Notices, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We discuss how the compiler can efficiently support complex operations (eg, division) using  techniques such as the Newton-Raphson method which iteratively applies a set of simple  instructions (add/multiply) to an initial seed from the look-up table and refines the result. The …
Heterogeneous isolated execution for commodity gpus | I Jang, A Tang, T Kim, S Sethumadhavan… - … and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … To support isolated remote execution on GPUs even under vulnerable operating systems,  this paper proposes a novel hardware and software … Copyrights for components of this work  owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy …
Edge-oriented computing paradigms: A survey on architecture design and system management | C Li, Y Xue, J Wang, W Zhang, T Li - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … This article provides a complete and up-to-date review of edgeoriented computing systems by  encapsulating relevant proposals on their architecture … Request permissions from  permissions@acm.org. 2018 Copyright is held by the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to …
Sok: Understanding the prevailing security vulnerabilities in trustzone-assisted tee systems | D Cerdeira, N Santos, P Fonseca… - 2020 IEEE Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … security-sensitive applications inside protected domains isolated from the platform’s operating  system (OS). Arm TrustZone [1] has become the … of systems. For instance, we observed that  during the same time window the entire Linux operating system, which is several orders of …
Multi-path transport for {RDMA} in datacenters | Y Lu, G Chen, B Li, K Tan, Y Xiong, P Cheng… - … {USENIX} Symposium …, 2018 - usenix.org | … We mitigate this penalty by delaying synchronise operations only an interval that is slightly  larger than the maximum delay difference among all paths. In this way, the … systems with  ycsb. In Proceedings of the 1st ACM symposium on Cloud computing, pages 143–154. …
MLIR: A compiler infrastructure for the end of Moore's law | C Lattner, M Amini, U Bondhugula, A Cohen… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | This work presents MLIR, a novel approach to building reusable and extensible compiler  infrastructure. MLIR aims to address software fragmentation, improve compilation for heterogeneous  hardware, significantly reduce the cost of building domain specific compilers, and aid …
Situational access control in the internet of things | R Schuster, V Shmatikov, E Tromer - Proceedings of the 2018 ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We propose, design, and implement ESOs, situation trackers that operate at the level of the  IoT ecosystem and are thus fully external to the access-control monitors. They expose a simple  interface that access-control monitors can use to determine whether the situation is true or …
Time, clocks, and the ordering of events in a distributed system | L Lamport - Concurrency: the Works of Leslie Lamport, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … The concept of the temporal ordering of events pervades our thinking about systems. For  example, in an airline reservation system we specify that a request for a reservation should be  granted if it is made before the flight is filled. However, we will see that this concept must be …
Threat intelligence computing | X Shu, F Araujo, DL Schales, MP Stoecklin… - … of the 2018 ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … In Proceedings of the Nineteenth ACM  Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP ’03). ACM, Bolton Landing, New York, 223–…
How many of all bugs do we find? a study of static bug detectors | A Habib, M Pradel - 2018 33rd IEEE/ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. … of those real-world bugs that are  committed to the version control systems can be detected by static bug detectors. … In Proceedings  of the 22nd ACM SIGSOFT International Symposium on Foundations of Software Engineering. …
Metahuman systems= humans+ machines that learn | K Lyytinen, JV Nickerson… - Journal of Information …, 2021 - journals.sagepub.com | … Whether still in the lab or deployed, it is time to anticipate research challenges that come with  metahuman systems. We will note some of them below by illustrating features of metahuman  systems operating in the laboratories and reviewing uses of metahuman systems in select …
S-faas: Trustworthy and accountable function-as-a-service using intel SGX | F Alder, N Asokan, A Kurnikov, A Paverd… - … of the 2019 ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In this section we outline the principal challenges and the associated sub-challenges of  securing a FaaS system using SGX. … However, for the purposes of this case study, Table 5  shows that our cryptographic operations and resource measurement mechanisms add less than 3.4…
Characterizing, modeling, and benchmarking rocksdb key-value workloads at facebook | Z Cao, S Dong, S Vemuri, DHC Du - 18th {USENIX} Conference on File …, 2020 - usenix.org | … First, we introduce RocksDB and the system background of three RocksDB use cases in Section  2. We describe our methodology and tools in Section 3. The detailed workload characteristics  of the three use cases including the general query statistics, key and value sizes, and …
Demystifying parallel and distributed deep learning: An in-depth concurrency analysis | T Ben-Nun, T Hoefler - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … Thus, we will focus on parallel reduction operations  in the following. In a reduction, we apply a series of binary operators ⊕ to combine n values into …
Path-based function embedding and its application to error-handling specification mining | D DeFreez, AV Thakur, C Rubio-González - … Conference and Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Finally, we apply Func2vec to the problem of mining error-handling specifications in Linux  file systems and drivers. We show that the … Copyrights for components of this work owned by  others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or …
Graph processing on fpgas: Taxonomy, survey, challenges | M Besta, D Stanojevic, JDF Licht, T Ben-Nun… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … In Proceedings of the first annual ACM symposium on Parallel algorithms and architectures,  pages 158–168. ACM, 1989. [57] Y. Han, VY Pan, and JH … In Proceedings of the twenty-second  annual ACM symposium on Parallelism in algorithms and architectures, pages 303–314. …
Block oriented programming: Automating data-only attacks | KK Ispoglou, B AlBassam, T Jaeger… - … of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. … Proceedings of the 11th ACM conference  on Computer and communications security. [58] Yan Shoshitaishvili, Ruoyu Wang, Christopher  Salls, Nick Stephens, Mario Polino, Andrew Dutcher, John Grosen, Siji Feng, Christophe …
Boosting scalable data analytics with modern programmable networks | M Blöcher, T Ziegler, C Binnig, P Eugster - Proceedings of the 14th …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Data center networks lie at the core of distributed data analytics frameworks running in large  scale environments. Recent research seek to improve the system performance by optimizing  the end-host network usage, eg, optimally use RDMA [2] or zero copy I/O frameworks [5] for …
Semantic fuzzing with zest | R Padhye, C Lemieux, K Sen, M Papadakis… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … recently due to their effectiveness in finding critical bugs and security vulnerabilities in  widely-used software systems. CGF works by randomly mutating known inputs via operations  such as bit flips and bytelevel splicing to produce new inputs. If the mutated inputs lead to new …
Ownershift: Facilitating overhead interaction in virtual reality with an ownership-preserving hand space shift | T Feuchtner, J Müller - Proceedings of the 31st Annual ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on servers or to …  In Proceedings of the 9th annual ACM symposium on User interface software and technology. …
Stateless datacenter load-balancing with beamer | V Olteanu, A Agache, A Voinescu… - 15th {USENIX} Symposium …, 2018 - usenix.org | Datacenter load balancers (or muxes) steer traffic destined to a given service across a dynamic  set of backend machines. To ensure consistent load balancing decisions when backends  come or leave, existing solutions make a load balancing decision per connection and then …
An efficient and safe road condition monitoring authentication scheme based on fog computing | M Cui, D Han, J Wang - IEEE Internet of Things Journal, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Simulation results show that compared with the existing schemes, this scheme can not only  ensure the security requirements of the system… the road brings huge challenges to the  management of the traffic system [1]. Furthermore, in winter, the weather is always accompanied by …
A smart caching mechanism for mobile multimedia in information centric networking with edge computing | Y Tang, K Guo, J Ma, Y Shen, T Chi - Future generation computer systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … User storage includes the private space of a user; it can be store whatever they want from  the cache system. Moreover, all the user instructions are passed to our system via the user  configuration. The second part is the edge node. Each edge node can provide its own …
Approxiot: Approximate analytics for edge computing | Z Wen, P Bhatotia, R Chen, M Lee - … Computing Systems  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … to build a stream analytics system to strike a balance between the two desirable but  contradictory design requirements, ie, achieving low latency for real-time analytics, and efficient  utilization of computing resources. To achieve our goal, we propose a system design based on …
Integrity verification of Docker containers for a lightweight cloud environment | M De Benedictis, A Lioy - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … ) system that implements a pass-through driver for direct interaction between the VM and the  hardware TPM), the TCG specification assumes a one-to-one relationship between the operating  system … This limitation can be addressed by modern Operating System (OS) protection …
Fuzzil: Coverage guided fuzzing for javascript engines | S Groß - Department of Informatics, Karlsruhe Institute of …, 2018 - saelo.github.io | … Web Browsers have become a ubiquitous application on desktop operating systems as  well as on mobile platforms, making them critical to users’ security on the web. In particular  JavaScript interpreters, which allow for an interactive experience on the web, have come into …
Hot: A height optimized trie index for main-memory database systems | R Binna, E Zangerle, M Pichl, G Specht… - Proceedings of the 2018 …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Benchmarking cloud serving systems with ycsb. In Proceedings of the 1st ACM Symposium  on Cloud Computing, pages 143–154, 2010. [6] DE … In Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth  ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, pages 18–32, 2013. [27] Z. Wang, A. …
Parallel graph connectivity in log diameter rounds | A Andoni, Z Song, C Stein, Z Wang… - … Annual Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Many modern parallel systems, such as MapReduce, Hadoop and Spark, can be modeled  well by the MPC model. The MPC model captures well coarse-grained computation on  large data - data is distributed to processors, each of which has a sublinear (in the input data) …
Capsule network based biometric recognition system | IJ Jacob - Journal of Artificial Intelligence, 2019 - irojournals.com | … enhanced accuracy is utilized for the biometric recognition to develop an efficient biometric  system… Some biometric systems are based on the single biometric information’s and some are  … in the deep learning has made them prevalent among the biometric recognition system .The …
Remixed reality: Manipulating space and time in augmented reality | D Lindlbauer, AD Wilson - … on Human Factors in Computing Systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | We present Remixed Reality, a novel form of mixed reality. In contrast to classical mixed reality  approaches where users see a direct view or video feed of their environment, with Remixed  Reality they see a live 3D reconstruction, gathered from multiple external depth cameras. …
Persistent memory transactions | V Marathe, A Mishra, A Trivedi, Y Huang… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | This paper presents a comprehensive analysis of performance trade offs between  implementation choices for transaction runtime systems on persistent memory. We compare three  implementations of transaction runtimes: undo logging, redo logging, and copy-on-write. We also …
dcat: Dynamic cache management for efficient, performance-sensitive infrastructure-as-a-service | C Xu, K Rajamani, A Ferreira, W Felter… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … That is possible for certain resources such as processor cores, memory capacity, and I/O  bandwidth where the hardware, operating systems and hypervisors have mature mechanisms  to partition these resources. However, other shared resources such as CPU cache are …
Hygcn: A gcn accelerator with hybrid architecture | M Yan, L Deng, X Hu, L Liang, Y Feng… - … Symposium on High …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Inspired by the great success of neural networks, graph convolutional neural networks (GCNs)  are proposed to analyze graph data. GCNs mainly include two phases with distinct execution  patterns. The Aggregation phase, behaves as graph processing, showing a dynamic and …
A programmable programming language | M Felleisen, RB Findler, M Flatt… - … of the ACM, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … operating system. For a programming language researcher, “stepping outside the language”  signals failure. Or, as Ingalls21 said, “[an] operating system … We, Racket creators, have sought  to identify services Racket borrows from the surrounding operating system and assimilate …
Engineering resilient collective adaptive systems by self-stabilisation | M Viroli, G Audrito, J Beal, F Damiani… - ACM Transactions on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … for designing resilient distributed systems based  on abstracting away from individual device behaviour: system design focusses instead on the …
A novel approach for mobile malware classification and detection in Android systems | Q Zhou, F Feng, Z Shen, R Zhou, MY Hsieh… - Multimedia Tools and …, 2019 - Springer | … , and (4) interfaces used for storing user or system information. Analyzing further the  abovementioned interfaces, we note that the operating system has a low-privileged access policy  on these interfaces in Android 4.0 systems. The examples are as follows: (1) applications have …
Rationals vs byzantines in consensus-based blockchains | Y Amoussou-Guenou, B Biais… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | In this paper we analyze from the game theory point of view Byzantine Fault Tolerant  blockchains when processes exhibit rational or Byzantine behavior. Our work is the first to  model the Byzantine-consensus based blockchains as a committee coordination game. Our first …
Identifying impactful service system problems via log analysis | S He, Q Lin, JG Lou, H Zhang, MR Lyu… - … and Symposium on the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … -scale system problems by mining console  logs. In Proceedings of the ACM SIGOPS 22nd symposium on Operating systems principles. …
Neural code comprehension: A learnable representation of code semantics | T Ben-Nun, AS Jakobovits, T Hoefler - arXiv preprint arXiv:1806.07336, 2018 - arxiv.org | With the recent success of embeddings in natural language processing, research has been  conducted into applying similar methods to code analysis. Most works attempt to process  the code directly or use a syntactic tree representation, treating it like sentences written in a …
AWB-GCN: A graph convolutional network accelerator with runtime workload rebalancing | T Geng, A Li, R Shi, C Wu, T Wang, Y Li… - … Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep learning systems have been successfully applied to Euclidean data such as images,  video, and audio. In many applications, however, information and their relationships are better  expressed with graphs. Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) appear to be a promising …
ARCHANGEL: Trusted archives of digital public documents | J Collomosse, T Bui, A Brown, J Sheridan… - … of the ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | We present ARCHANGEL; a decentralised platform for ensuring the long-term integrity of  digital documents stored within public archives. Document integrity is fundamental to public  trust in archives. Yet currently that trust is built upon institutional reputation---trust at face value …
Substream-centric maximum matchings on fpga | M Besta, M Fischer, T Ben-Nun, D Stanojevic… - … and Systems (TRETS), 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Publication rights licensed to ACM. ACM acknowledges that this contribution was authored  or co-authored by an employee, contractor or … The system runs Ubuntu 16.04.3 LTS with  kernel 4.4.0-96 as the operating system. All host code is compiled with gcc 5.4.0 and the -O3 …
Survey and analysis of kernel and userspace tracers on linux: Design, implementation, and overhead | M Gebai, MR Dagenais - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … the operating system about user and kernel CPU usage (respectively, rusage.utime and  rusage.stime). The latter case, although not used in this article, adds significant overhead to  the critical path of each event write, as interaction with the operating system via a system call is …
The impact of avatar personalization and immersion on virtual body ownership, presence, and emotional response | T Waltemate, D Gall, D Roth, M Botsch… - IEEE transactions on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This article reports the impact of the degree of personalization and individualization of users'  avatars as well as the impact of the degree of immersion on typical psychophysical factors  in embodied Virtual Environments. We investigated if and how virtual body ownership (…
Synchrowatch: One-handed synchronous smartwatch gestures using correlation and magnetic sensing | G Reyes, J Wu, N Juneja, M Goldshtein… - … of the ACM on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or … to account for uneven sensor arrival  times, a commonly known challenge of using a non real-time operating system such as Android. …
Highly scalable deep learning training system with mixed-precision: Training imagenet in four minutes | X Jia, S Song, W He, Y Wang, H Rong, F Zhou… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … 1RDMA is a technology which supports zero-copy networking by enabling the network  adapter to transfer data directly to or from application memory, eliminating the need to copy  data between application memory and the data buffers in the operating system. …
Efficient invisible speculative execution through selective delay and value prediction | C Sakalis, S Kaxiras, A Ros… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Speculative execution, the base on which modern high-performance general-purpose  CPUs are built on, has recently been shown to enable a slew of security attacks. All these  attacks are centered around a common set of behaviors: During speculative execution, the …
HPC cloud for scientific and business applications: taxonomy, vision, and research challenges | MAS Netto, RN Calheiros, ER Rodrigues… - ACM Computing …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … This category of studies is relevant to increase  the adoption of HPC, especially for new users with no expertise in system administration and con…
Partial compilation of variational algorithms for noisy intermediate-scale quantum machines | P Gokhale, Y Ding, T Propson, C Winkler… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, … We observe that our GRAPE system  instead discovers the equivalent Rz(−π 2 )Rx (−π 2 )Rz(−π 2 ) pulse sequence, which only requires …
Prefetch-guard: Leveraging hardware prefetches to defend against cache timing channels | H Fang, SS Dayapule, F Yao… - … Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To prevent information leakage, Operating Systems and Hypervisors prohibit any direct  communication between untrusted users or processes in different security domains. As  software confinement mechanisms continue to improve, adversaries are turning to hardware …
Next steps for human-computer integration | FF Mueller, P Lopes, P Strohmeier, W Ju… - … in Computing Systems, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy … Therefore, we believe that integrated systems  would benefit from knowledge of how tightly coupled performers operate, like dance partners…
An adversarial approach for explainable ai in intrusion detection systems | DL Marino, CS Wickramasinghe… - IECON 2018-44th …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Despite the growing popularity of modern machine learning techniques (eg, Deep Neural  Networks) in cyber-security applications, most of these models are perceived as a black-box  for the user. Adversarial machine learning offers an approach to increase our understanding of …
Sparse tensor core: Algorithm and hardware co-design for vector-wise sparse neural networks on modern gpus | M Zhu, T Zhang, Z Gu, Y Xie - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting with credit is  permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, to post on servers or to redistribute to lists,  requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. …
Sharp analysis for nonconvex sgd escaping from saddle points | C Fang, Z Lin, T Zhang - Conference on Learning Theory, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | In this paper, we give a sharp analysis for Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) and prove  that SGD is able to efficiently escape from saddle points and find an $(\epsilon, O (\epsilon^{0.5}))  $-approximate second-order stationary point in $\tilde {O}(\epsilon^{-3.5}) $ stochastic …
Effective static analysis of concurrency use-after-free bugs in Linux device drivers | JJ Bai, J Lawall, QL Chen, SM Hu - 2019 {USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2019 - usenix.org | … 40] have discussed how to exploit use-after-free bugs to attack an operating system. … We  will port DCUAF in other operating systems (such as FreeBSD and NetBSD) to check their driver  code. … Effective pattern-driven concurrency bug detection for operating systems. Journal of …
Hawkeye: Efficient fine-grained os support for huge pages | A Panwar, S Bansal, K Gopinath - … Languages and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Effective huge page management in operating systems is necessary for mitigation of  address translation overheads. However, this continues to remain a difficult area in OS design.  Recent work on Ingens [55] uncovered some interesting pitfalls in current huge page …
The p4-> netfpga workflow for line-rate packet processing | S Ibanez, G Brebner, N McKeown… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | P4 has emerged as the de facto standard language for describing how network packets  should be processed, and is becoming widely used by network owners, systems developers,  researchers and in the classroom. The goal of the work presented here is to make it easier for …
How to factor 2048 bit RSA integers in 8 hours using 20 million noisy qubits | C Gidney, M Ekerå - Quantum, 2021 - quantum-journal.org | We significantly reduce the cost of factoring integers and computing discrete logarithms in  finite fields on a quantum computer by combining techniques from Shor 1994, Griffiths-Niu  1996, Zalka 2006, Fowler 2012, Ekerå-Håstad 2017, Ekerå 2017, Ekerå 2018, Gidney-Fowler …
Deep learning for image-based mobile malware detection | F Mercaldo, A Santone - Journal of Computer Virology and Hacking …, 2020 - Springer | … Mobile operating systems producers tried to remedy to this rampant spread of malicious  software aimed to spy infected users. For instance, Google in order to consent the publication  of a new app on Play Store (the official market for Android users) requires a deep scan of the …
iturk: Turning passive haptics into active haptics by making users reconfigure props in virtual reality | LP Cheng, L Chang, S Marwecki… - … in Computing Systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We present a system that complements virtual reality experiences with passive props, yet  still allows modifying the virtual world at runtime. The main contribution of our system is that  it does not require any actuators; instead, our system employs the user to reconfigure and …
The architectural implications of facebook's dnn-based personalized recommendation | U Gupta, CJ Wu, X Wang, M Naumov… - … Symposium on High …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Table II describes the key architecture features of the Intel CPU server systems considered  in this paper. Compared to Skylake, Haswell and Broadwell servers have higher operating  frequencies. For consistency, turbo boost is disabled for all experiments in this paper. On the …
Improved massively parallel computation algorithms for mis, matching, and vertex cover | M Ghaffari, T Gouleakis, C Konrad, S Mitrović… - … 2018 ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. Abstracting  with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or republish, … In Proceedings of the twenty-fourth  annual ACM symposium on Parallelism in algorithms and architectures. ACM, 308–317. …
Neuro-inspired computing chips | W Zhang, B Gao, J Tang, P Yao, S Yu, MF Chang… - Nature …, 2020 - nature.com | The rapid development of artificial intelligence (AI) demands the rapid development of  domain-specific hardware specifically designed for AI applications. Neuro-inspired computing  chips integrate a range of features inspired by neurobiological systems and could provide an …
Perffuzz: Automatically generating pathological inputs | C Lemieux, R Padhye, K Sen, D Song - … Symposium on Software Testing …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Performance problems in software can arise unexpectedly when programs are provided with  inputs that exhibit worst-case behavior. A large body of work has focused on diagnosing such  problems via statistical profiling techniques. But how does one find these inputs in the first …
Current cyber-defense trends in industrial control systems | JE Rubio, C Alcaraz, R Roman, J Lopez - Computers & Security, 2019 - Elsevier | … Afterwards, this article will provide an analysis of the evolution and applicability of Intrusion  Detection Systems (IDS) that have been … , which compare the current state of the system and  its generated data with the normal behavior of the system, to identify deviations present when …
CaSym: Cache aware symbolic execution for side channel detection and mitigation | R Brotzman, S Liu, D Zhang, G Tan… - 2019 IEEE Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Side-channel attacks exploit information gathered from the physical implementation of  computer systems to steal sensitive data. Among all … that fullsystem security can be enforced  by a sound type system as well as contract-aware hardware. Their system requires specialized …
Automatic software repair: a bibliography | M Monperrus - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … [197] defines annotations for operating system C code to recover from driver errors in Linux.  The annotations are checked by a type system and drives invariant restoration. Demsky and  Dash [35] proposes Bristlecone, a language with built-in robustness capabilities. Bristlecone …
Estimation of energy consumption in machine learning | E García-Martín, CF Rodrigues, G Riley… - Journal of Parallel and …, 2019 - Elsevier | … Since it is available for different operating systems (OSX, Windows, and Linux) it can be  used in many different scenarios and in many different platforms. Another advantage is that  it can be used for both large-scale datasets and small datasets, which is very useful with the …
Unsupervised Cross-system Log Anomaly Detection via Domain Adaptation | X Han, S Yuan - … of the 30th ACM International Conference on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.  Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise… In this work, we assume the existence of  one source system 𝑆 and one target system 𝑇. A log sequence generated by a system is denoted …
{QSYM}: A practical concolic execution engine tailored for hybrid fuzzing | I Yun, S Lee, M Xu, Y Jang, T Kim - 27th {USENIX} Security Symposium  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Recently, hybrid fuzzing has been proposed to address the limitations of fuzzing and concolic  execution by combining both approaches. The hybrid approach has shown its effectiveness  in various synthetic benchmarks such as DARPA Cyber Grand Challenge (CGC) binaries, …
CNN explainer: Learning convolutional neural networks with interactive visualization | ZJ Wang, R Turko, O Shaikh, H Park… - … on Visualization and …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep learning's great success motivates many practitioners and students to learn about this  exciting technology. However, it is often challenging for beginners to take their first step due  to the complexity of understanding and applying deep learning. We present CNN Explainer, …
Finding and fixing performance pathologies in persistent memory software stacks | J Xu, J Kim, A Memaripour, S Swanson - … and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … scalability of NVMM file systems in light of the rising core counts and pronounced NUMA effects  in modern systems, and propose … systems share two key characteristics: First, they implement  direct access (DAX) features. DAX lets the file system avoid using the operating system …
Rousillon: Scraping distributed hierarchical web data | SE Chasins, M Mueller, R Bodik - … of the 31st Annual ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We present Rousillon, a programming system for writing complex web automation scripts  by demonstration. Users demonstrate how to … In UIST ’06: Proceedings of the 19th annual  ACM symposium on User interface software and technology. ACM Press, New York, NY, USA, …
