Large-scale graph processing on emerging storage devices | N Elyasi, C Choi, A Sivasubramaniam - … File and Storage Technologies  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … of the 17th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies (FAST ’19) is sponsored by  … Proceedings of the 17th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies (FAST ’19).  … In Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies, pages …
FStream: Managing flash streams in the file system | E Rho, K Joshi, SU Shin, NJ Shetty, J Hwang… - … Storage Technologies  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … As a corollary component of our scheme, we also propose to separate databases redo/undo  log file as a distinct stream at the file system layer. We implement our scheme, FStream, in  Linux ext4 and xfs file systems and perform experiments using a variety of workloads and a …
Long-term preservation of big data: prospects of current storage technologies in digital libraries | WA Bhat - Library Hi Tech, 2018 - emerald.com | … to investigate the prospects of current storage technologies for long-term … storage shortage  for long-term preservation of big data, if current storage technologies are employed by them.  Therefore, policy makers and practitioners should meticulously choose storage technologies …
Reaping the performance of fast {NVM} storage with udepot | K Kourtis, N Ioannou, I Koltsidas - … on File and Storage Technologies  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … storage, a requirement that is typically satisfied using key-value stores backed by DRAM.  Recently, however, storage devices built on novel NVM technologies … Finally, using a Memcache  service on top of uDepot we demonstrate that data services built on NVM storage devices …
Cluster storage systems gotta have HeART: improving storage efficiency by exploiting disk-reliability heterogeneity | S Kadekodi, KV Rashmi, GR Ganger - … on File and Storage Technologies …, 2019 - usenix.org | Large-scale cluster storage systems typically consist of a heterogeneous mix of storage devices  with significantly varying failure rates. Despite such differences among devices, redundancy  settings are generally configured in a one-scheme-for-all fashion. In this paper, we make …
High-performance transaction processing in journaling file systems | Y Son, S Kim, HY Yeom, H Han - … on File and Storage Technologies  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … For these reasons, journaling file systems often face the problem of lock contention and  underutilization of I/O bandwidth on multi-cores … file system improves the performance by up  to about 2.2 x and 1.5 x compared to the existing EXT4 file system and a state-of-art scalable file …
Erasure coding for distributed storage: An overview | SB Balaji, MN Krishnan, M Vajha, V Ramkumar… - Science China …, 2018 - Springer | … In a distributed storage system, code symbols are dispersed across space in nodes or storage  units as opposed to time. In settings such as … storage repair in a cloud-of-clouds. In:  Proceedings of the 10th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies, San Jose, 2012 …
Ziggurat: a tiered file system for non-volatile main memories and disks | S Zheng, M Hoseinzadeh, S Swanson - … File and Storage Technologies  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … in storage performance compared to traditional disks. We present Ziggurat, a tiered file  system that combines NVMM and slow disks to create a storage … Section 2 describes a variety  of storage technologies and the NOVA file system. Section 3 presents a design overview of …
Towards web-based delta synchronization for cloud storage services | H Xiao, Z Li, E Zhai, T Xu, Y Li, Y Liu, Q Zhang… - … Storage Technologies  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Delta synchronization (sync) is crucial for network-level efficiency of cloud storage services.  Practical delta sync techniques are, however, only available for PC clients and mobile apps,  but not web browsers---the most pervasive and OS-independent access method. To …
Designing a true direct-access file system with DevFS | S Kannan, AC Arpaci-Dusseau… - … Storage Technologies  …, 2018 - usenix.org | We present DevFS, a direct-access file system embedded completely within a storage device.  DevFS provides direct access without compromising file system integrity, concurrency, crash  consistency, and security. A novel reverse-caching mechanism enables the usage of host …
Distcache: Provable load balancing for large-scale storage systems with distributed caching | Z Liu, Z Bai, Z Liu, X Li, C Kim, V Braverman… - … Storage Technologies  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Load balancing is critical for distributed storage to meet strict service-level objectives (SLOs).  It has been shown that a fast cache can guarantee load balancing for a clustered storage  system. However, when the system scales out to multiple clusters, the fast cache itself would …
Orion: A distributed file system for non-volatile main memory and RDMA-capable networks | J Yang, J Izraelevitz, S Swanson - … on File and Storage Technologies  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … distributed file systems are a prime example. When faster NVMM replaces block-based  storage, the dramatic improvement in storage per… In this paper, we present Orion, a distributed  file system for NVMM-based storage. By taking a clean slate design and leveraging the …
Barrier-Enabled {IO} Stack for Flash Storage | Y Won, J Jung, G Choi, J Oh, S Son, J Hwang… - … Storage Technologies  …, 2018 - usenix.org | This work is dedicated to eliminating the overhead required for guaranteeing the storage order  in the modern IO stack. The existing block device adopts a prohibitively expensive approach  in ensuring the storage order among write requests: interleaving the write requests with …
OpenEC: Toward unified and configurable erasure coding management in distributed storage systems | X Li, R Li, PPC Lee, Y Hu - … on File and Storage Technologies ({FAST} …, 2019 - usenix.org | … Proceedings of the 17th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies (FAST ’19). …  storage node (rather than distribute the computations across different storage nodes) to limit  the I/Os of retrieving data blocks. Also, the repair algorithms in [25,29] require some storage …
Pocket: Elastic ephemeral storage for serverless analytics | A Klimovic, Y Wang, P Stuedi, A Trivedi… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … of storage technology is critical since jobs may exhibit different storage latency, bandwidth  and capacity requirements while different storage technologies … a distributed ephemeral data  store configured with different storage technologies, number of nodes, compute resources per …
Survey of storage systems for high-performance computing | J Lüttgau, M Kuhn, K Duwe, Y Alforov… - Supercomputing …, 2018 - centaur.reading.ac.uk | … storage technologies which form the most basic building blocks for actual storage systems. In  Section 2, the most relevant as well as upcoming high-performance storage … prototypes with  this capacity have been showcased at conferences and in lab conditions by Fujitsu and IBM…
Towards better understanding of black-box auto-tuning: A comparative analysis for storage systems | Z Cao, V Tarasov, S Tiwari, E Zadok - … Conference ({USENIX}{ATC} 18), 2018 - usenix.org | … Before each experiment run, we formatted and mounted the storage devices with the  targeted file system. The working set size affects the duration of an experiment [74]. Our goal in  this study was to explore a large set of parameters and values quickly (although it still took us …
The {CASE} of {FEMU}: Cheap, accurate, scalable and extensible flash emulator | H Li, M Hao, MH Tong, S Sundararaman… - … Storage Technologies  …, 2018 - usenix.org | We present FEMU, a QEMU-based flash emulator for fostering future full-stack software/hardware  SSD research, with the following four" CASE" benefits. FEMU is cheap ($0) as it will be an  open-sourced software; FEMU is relatively accurate, with only 0.5-38% variance from …
Selecta: Heterogeneous cloud storage configuration for data analytics | A Klimovic, H Litz, C Kozyrakis - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2018 - usenix.org | … The choice of storage is often essential, particularly for cloud deployments of data-intensive  analytics. Cloud vendors offer a wide variety of storage options including object, file and  block storage. Block storage can consist of hard disks (HDD), solid-state drives (SSD), or high …
An empirical guide to the behavior and use of scalable persistent memory | J Yang, J Kim, M Hoseinzadeh, J Izraelevitz… - … Storage Technologies  …, 2020 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 18th USENIX Conference on File and  Storage Technologies (FAST ’20) … Section 3 highlights the many differences between Optane  and conventional storage and memory technologies, and Section 4 shows how these differences …
Genomic big data hitting the storage bottleneck | L Papageorgiou, P Eleni, S Raftopoulou… - EMBnet …, 2018 - ncbi.nlm.nih.gov | … On a daily basis, there is a massive quantity of permanent loss of extensive information due  to infrastructure and storage space problems. … Proccedings of the 7th conference on File  and storage technologies; San Francisco, California: USENIX Association; 2009. pp. 111–123. …
Programmable solid-state storage in future cloud datacenters | J Do, S Sengupta, S Swanson - Communications of the ACM, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In addition to these performance benefits, the advent of new technologies (such as 3D  NAND enabling much denser chips and quad-level-cell, or QLC, for bulk storage) allows SSDs  to continue to significantly scale in capacity and to yield a huge reduction in price. There are …
Characterizing, modeling, and benchmarking rocksdb key-value workloads at facebook | Z Cao, S Dong, S Vemuri, DHC Du - … on File and Storage Technologies  …, 2020 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 18th USENIX Conference on File and Storage  Technologies (FAST ’20) … of objects in storage. In this paper, the workloads of ZippyDB  were collected from shards that store the metadata of an object storage system at Facebook …
Write-optimized dynamic hashing for persistent memory | M Nam, H Cha, Y Choi, SH Noh, B Nam - … File and Storage Technologies …, 2019 - usenix.org | Low latency storage media such as byte-addressable persistent memory (PM) requires  rethinking of various data structures in terms of optimization. One of the main challenges in  implementing hash-based indexing structures on PM is how to achieve efficiency by making …
Lessons and actions: What we learned from 10k ssd-related storage system failures | E Xu, M Zheng, F Qin, Y Xu, J Wu - … Conference ({USENIX}{ATC} 19), 2019 - usenix.org | … kernel [2]), it is unlikely that these studies and findings are directly applicable to SSD-based  storage systems. In this paper, we look into the storage systems deployed in 7 datacenters  of Alibaba Cloud, which includes around 450,000 SSDs over 3 years’ deployment. Similar to …
{SPEICHER}: Securing lsm-based key-value stores using shielded execution | M Bailleu, J Thalheim, P Bhatotia, C Fetzer… - … Storage Technologies  …, 2019 - usenix.org | We introduce Speicher, a secure storage system that not only provides strong confidentiality  and integrity properties, but also ensures data freshness to protect against rollback/forking  attacks. Speicher exports a Key-Value (KV) interface backed by Log-Structured Merge Tree (…
SLM-DB: single-level key-value store with persistent memory | O Kaiyrakhmet, S Lee, B Nam, SH Noh… - … and Storage Technologies …, 2019 - usenix.org | This paper investigates how to leverage emerging byte-addressable persistent memory (PM) to  enhance the performance of key-value (KV) stores. We present a novel KV store, the  Single-Level Merge DB (SLM-DB), which takes advantage of both the B+-tree index and the Log-…
Fully automatic stream management for multi-streamed ssds using program contexts | T Kim, D Hong, SS Hahn, M Chun, S Lee… - … Storage Technologies  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … the 17th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies (FAST ’19) is sponsored by  … Proceedings of the 17th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies (FAST ’19).  … This is because SQLite overwrites logging data in a small and fixed storage space and then …
Data deduplication techniques for efficient cloud storage management: a systematic review | R Kaur, I Chana, J Bhattacharya - The Journal of Supercomputing, 2018 - Springer | … This paper refers quality journals and proceedings of various conferences and reports of  many research centers. This article has been organized into six sections. Section 2 describes  background, evolution of deduplication, redundant data reduction techniques and its …
Endurable transient inconsistency in byte-addressable persistent b+-tree | D Hwang, WH Kim, Y Won, B Nam - … on File and Storage Technologies  …, 2018 - usenix.org | With the emergence of byte-addressable persistent memory (PM), a cache line, instead of a  page, is expected to be the unit of data transfer between volatile and nonvolatile devices, but  the failure-atomicity of write operations is guaranteed in the granularity of 8 bytes rather than …
Clay codes: Moulding {MDS} codes to yield an {MSR} code | M Vajha, V Ramkumar, B Puranik, G Kini… - … Storage Technologies  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Here, by node, we mean an independent failure domain such as a disk or a storage node  of a distributed storage system (DSS). The storage efficiency of an erasure code is measured  by storage overhead defined as the ratio of the number of coded chunks n to the number of …
A high-performance hierarchical snapshot scheme for hybrid storage systems | X Yu, C Zhang, C Liang, K Aourra… - Chinese Journal of …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper presents a novel snapshot scheme which could use of storage resources effectively  and keep the historical data accurately for SSDHDD-hybrid storage system. SSD (source  volume) stores all the active data and executes read/write operations without responding to …
Software wear management for persistent memories | V Gogte, W Wang, S Diestelhorst, A Kolli… - … Storage Technologies  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 17th USENIX Conference on File and  Storage Technologies (FAST ’19). … 46], promise to revolutionize storage hierarchies. These  technologies are appealing in many ways. For example, they are being considered as cheaper, …
{ALACC}: Accelerating restore performance of data deduplication systems using adaptive look-ahead window assisted chunk caching | Z Cao, H Wen, F Wu, DHC Du - … on File and Storage Technologies  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Data deduplication has been widely applied in storage systems to improve the efficiency of  space utilization. In data deduplication systems, the data restore performance is seriously  hindered by read amplification since the accessed data chunks are scattered over many …
The role of storage technologies for the transition to a 100% renewable energy system in Europe | M Child, D Bogdanov, C Breyer - Energy Procedia, 2018 - Elsevier | … storage technologies in a least cost system configuration. The investigated technologies  are batteries, pumped hydro storage, adiabatic compressed air energy storage, … the  conference presentation slides. In addition, they can be found from the following link: http://bit.ly/2E42olm …
The full path to full-path indexing | Y Zhan, A Conway, Y Jiao, E Knorr… - … Storage Technologies  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 16th USENIX Conference on File and  Storage Technologies. … Prior results indicate, however, that renames in a local file system  with fullpath indexing are prohibitively expensive. This paper shows how to use full-path …
{PEN}: Design and evaluation of partial-erase for 3d nand-based high density ssds | C Liu, J Kotra, M Jung, M Kandemir - … on File and Storage Technologies  …, 2018 - usenix.org | 3D NAND flash memories promise unprecedented flash storage capacities, which can be  extremely important in certain application domains where both storage capacity and performance  are first-class target metrics. However a block of 3D NAND flash contains many more …
A survey on data storage and placement methodologies for cloud-big data ecosystem | S Mazumdar, D Seybold, K Kritikos, Y Verginadis - Journal of Big Data, 2019 - Springer | … What are the most suitable (big) data storage technologies and how do they compete with  each other according to certain criteria related … In case of equivalent studies, only the one  published in the highest rated journal or conference is selected to sustain only a high-quality set …
Centralized duplicate removal video storage system with privacy preservation in iot | H Yan, X Li, Y Wang, C Jia - Sensors, 2018 - mdpi.com | … rate, it is necessary that data deduplication is adopted in storage centers to reduce the  communication bandwidth and storage space. In this article, a centralized privacy-preserving  duplicate removal storage system was built, which supports both file-level and block-level video …
Mqsim: A framework for enabling realistic studies of modern multi-queue {SSD} devices | A Tavakkol, J Gómez-Luna, M Sadrosadati… - … Storage Technologies  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … in the Proceedings of the 16th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies. … of  the 16th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies is sponsored by USENIX. … of  SSDs with new and emerging memory technologies. Based on our evaluation of real modern …
A review on rapid responsive energy storage technologies for frequency regulation in modern power systems | U Akram, M Nadarajah, R Shah, F Milano - Renewable and Sustainable …, 2020 - Elsevier | … of storage). This paper comprehensively reviews these important aspects to understand the  applications of fast responsive storage technologies … recommendations and future directions  for researchers working on the applications of storage technologies providing FR services. …
HiNFS: A persistent memory file system with both buffering and direct-access | Y Chen, J Shu, J Ou, Y Lu - ACM Transactions on Storage (ToS), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … — We propose an NVMM-aware Write Buffer policy to hide the long write latency of NVMM  by buffering the lazy-persistent file writes in DRAM temporarily. To eliminate the double-copy  overheads, we use direct access for file reads and eager-persistent file writes. —We ensure …
Energy transition roadmap towards 100% renewable energy and role of storage technologies for Pakistan by 2050 | A Sadiqa, A Gulagi, C Breyer - Energy, 2018 - Elsevier | … pathway of an electricity system using an optimal dispatch of generation and storage  technologies and transmission between the two regions of Pakistan. Also utilization of different  types of storage technologies, which are often lacking in many of the transition models provides …
Ec-store: Bridging the gap between storage and latency in distributed erasure coded systems | M Abebe, K Daudjee, B Glasbergen… - … conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We propose strategies for data access and data movement within erasure-coded storage  systems that significantly reduce data retrieval times. … less storage overhead than replication  while achieving better performance than both replicated and erasure-coded storage systems. …
Blockchain-based fair payment smart contract for public cloud storage auditing | H Wang, H Qin, M Zhao, X Wei, H Shen, W Susilo - Information Sciences, 2020 - Elsevier | … tags Φ corresponding to their data file F and store F along with Φ on the cloud storage service.  They will run the … file F and data tags Φ, the cloud storage provider will check the integrity  of data, and the authentication of source. If all verification checks are passed, cloud storage …
HP-mapper: A high performance storage driver for docker containers | F Guo, Y Li, M Lv, Y Xu, JCS Lui - … of the ACM Symposium on Cloud …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We observe that I/O performance and cache efficiency of existing storage drivers are still  limited for both file-based and block-based mechanisms. First, the file-based copy-on-write  needs to copy the entire file before update. As a result, this kind of coarse-grained …
Towards an unwritten contract of intel optane {SSD} | K Wu, A Arpaci-Dusseau… - … Topics in Storage and File …, 2019 - usenix.org | New non-volatile memory technologies offer unprecedented performance levels for persistent  storage. However, to exploit their full potential, a deeper performance characterization of  such devices is required. In this paper, we analyze a NVM-based block device--the Intel …
E2fs: an elastic storage system for cloud computing | L Chen, M Qiu, J Song, Z Xiong, H Hassan - The Journal of …, 2018 - Springer | … an elastic and efficient file storage called E2FS for big data applications. E2FS can dynamically  scale in/out the storage system based on … We adopt a novel replication scheme based on  data blocks, which provides a fine-grained maintenance of the data in the storage system. …
A review of energy storage technologies for large scale photovoltaic power plants | E Bullich-Massagué, FJ Cifuentes-García… - Applied Energy, 2020 - Elsevier | … energy storage technologies are valid for all these services. So, this review article analyses the  most suitable energy storage technologies that … For this purpose, this article first summarizes  the different characteristics of the energy storage technologies. Then, it reviews the grid …
Energy security and energy storage technologies | A Azzuni, C Breyer - Energy Procedia, 2018 - Elsevier | … And one of the most important elements of the RE system is storage. The aim of this work  is to analyse energy storage technologies from an energy security perspective. Different  storage technologies are studied. The portfolio of the …
Improving docker registry design based on production workload analysis | A Anwar, M Mohamed, V Tarasov, M Littley… - … Storage Technologies  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Containers offer an efficient way to run workloads as independent microservices that can be  developed, tested and deployed in an agile manner. To facilitate this process, container  frameworks offer a registry service that enables users to publish and version container images …
Assessment of energy storage technologies: A review | MM Rahman, AO Oni, E Gemechu, A Kumar - Energy Conversion and …, 2020 - Elsevier | … costs and environmental footprints of various storage technologies. However, further … storage  technologies. Finally, knowledge gaps in this area of research are identified and recommendations  are made. The literature review includes peer-reviewed journal papers, conference …
Overview of large-scale underground energy storage technologies for integration of renewable energies and criteria for reservoir identification | CR Matos, JF Carneiro, PP Silva - Journal of Energy Storage, 2019 - Elsevier | … storage technologies for renewable energy integration addressed in this article are:  Compressed Air Energy Storage (CAES); Underground Pumped Hydro Storage (… There are  distinct classifications in energy storage technologies such as: short-term or long-term storage and …
Pangolin: A fault-tolerant persistent memory programming library | L Zhang, S Swanson - 2019 {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … DAX-mmap() and file system-based fault tolerance: By design, DAX-mmap() leaves the file  system unaware of updates made to the file, making it impossible for the file system to update  the redundancy data for the file. Their solution is to disable file data protection while the file …
Energy storage technologies as techno-economic parameters for master-planning and optimal dispatch in smart multi energy systems | S Mazzoni, S Ooi, B Nastasi, A Romagnoli - Applied Energy, 2019 - Elsevier | … dispatch of various combinations of energy storage technologies for the small to medium-scale  load consumption have yet to be conducted. As such, this paper deals with energy storage  technologies consisting of electrochemical energy storage (namely battery) and TES (cold …
Levelized cost of solar photovoltaics and wind supported by storage technologies to supply firm electricity | R Gupta, MC Soini, MK Patel, D Parra - Journal of Energy Storage, 2020 - Elsevier | … Energy storage technologies Here, we focus on the energy storage technologies which can  sustain discharges of several hours in order to help the RE technologies to provide electricity  for the aforementioned supply modes and scales (see Fig. ). This condition, therefore, …
Autonomous network diagnosis from the carrier perspective | T Tanaka, A Hirano, S Kobayashi, T Oda… - Journal of Optical …, 2020 - osapublishing.org | Network operators will require autonomous operation with the help of artificial intelligence to  reduce operational expenditures and to create networks that are easier to manage and  maintain. However, not all operators operate in the same way. Therefore, we may have different …
Long-duration electricity storage applications, economics, and technologies | P Albertus, JS Manser, S Litzelman - Joule, 2020 - Elsevier | … storage technologies may address the long-duration electricity storage cost and performance  framework, and efforts are accelerating to identify and develop the most promising storage …  conference on energy sustainability collocated with the ASME 2017 power conference joint …
Asynchronous I/O stack: A low-latency kernel I/O stack for ultra-low latency SSDs | G Lee, S Shin, W Song, TJ Ham, JW Lee… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … A virtual file system (VFS) layer provides an abstraction of underlying file systems. A  page cache layer provides caching of file data. A file system layer provides file system-specific  implementations on top of the block storage. A block layer provides OS-level block request/…
Efficient SSD caching by avoiding unnecessary writes using machine learning | H Wang, X Yi, P Huang, B Cheng, K Zhou - … International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Traditional HDDs have long been the main storage media for information storage. Entering  the big data era where high … caching method, every file miss will cause the file to be written  to the SSD cache. In our proposed cache system, once a file miss occurs, the file will be written …
Big data analytics for manufacturing internet of things: opportunities, challenges and enabling technologies | HN Dai, H Wang, G Xu, J Wan… - Enterprise Information …, 2020 - Taylor & Francis | … in MIoT, we roughly categorise these technologies into data acquisition, data preprocessing  and storage, data analytics. In particular, we first discuss the data acquisition-related technologies  in Section 3.1. We then describe the data preprocessing and storage in Section 3.2. In …
Disk failure prediction in data centers via online learning | J Xiao, Z Xiong, S Wu, Y Yi, H Jin, K Hu - … 47th International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Disk failure has become a major concern with the rapid expansion of storage systems in data  centers. Based on SMART (Self-Monitoring, Analysis and Reporting Technology) attributes,  many researchers derive disk failure prediction models using machine learning techniques. …
SifrDB: A unified solution for write-optimized key-value stores in large datacenter | F Mei, Q Cao, H Jiang, J Li - Proceedings of the ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Figure 10 illustrates a snapshot of the file size distribution of the three MS-forest  implementations under random writes. Clearly, Size-Tiered writes extra-large files to the underlying  storage, which is filesystem friendly and leads to a higher throughput than SifrDB and PebblesDB …
Reducing DRAM footprint with NVM in Facebook | A Eisenman, D Gardner, I AbdelRahman… - … EuroSys Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … To find a key, a binary search is first done over the start key of all SST files to identify which file  contains the key. Only then, an additional binary … The same principles we used in the design  of MyNVM can be utilized when building other data center storage systems that today rely …
Energy policy regime change and advanced energy storage: A comparative analysis | M Winfield, S Shokrzadeh, A Jones - Energy Policy, 2018 - Elsevier | … of policy frameworks around energy storage technologies. The paper focuses on the … and  the niche level development of advanced energy storage technologies. The structure of electricity  … by attendance at energy storage technology and policy development conferences in North …
Progress-based container scheduling for short-lived applications in a kubernetes cluster | Y Fu, S Zhang, J Terrero, Y Mao, G Liu… - … Conference on Big …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In the past decade, we have envisioned enormous growth in the data generated by different  sources, ranging from weather sensors and customer purchasing records to Internet of Things  devices. Emerging data-driven technologies have been reforming our daily life for years, …
Characterizing co-located datacenter workloads: An alibaba case study | Y Cheng, Z Chai, A Anwar - Proceedings of the 9th Asia-Pacific …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … This is consistent with the well-studied behaviors of web-scale distributed storage (memory  and storage bound instead of CPU bound) … This is because: (1) Fuxi is not constrained by  data locality thanks to compute and storage disaggregated infrastructure at Alibaba (for batch …
Cntr: Lightweight {OS} Containers | J Thalheim, P Bhatotia, P Fonseca… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … In particular, we use a pipe as a temporary storage, where the data is part of the request,  and the data is not read from a file descriptor. However, … For storage, we used a 100GB EBS  volume of type GP2 formatted with ext4 filesystem mounted with default options. GP2 is an SSD-…
Finding crash-consistency bugs with bounded black-box crash testing | J Mohan, A Martinez, S Ponnapalli, P Raju… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | We present a new approach to testing file-system crash consistency: bounded black-box  crash testing (B3). B3 tests the file system in a black-box manner using workloads of file-system  operations. Since the space of possible workloads is infinite, B3 bounds this space based on …
Improving the performance and endurance of encrypted non-volatile main memory through deduplicating writes | P Zuo, Y Hua, M Zhao, W Zhou… - 2018 51st Annual IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Second, DEUCE uses the counter mode encryption in which the storage overhead … storage  overhead from deduplication while does not have the metadata storage overhead from memory  encryption since our proposed co-located metadata storage scheme reduces the storage …
LSM-based storage techniques: a survey | C Luo, MJ Carey - The VLDB Journal, 2020 - Springer | … In this design, all updates are first applied to a differential file, which is merged with the  main file periodically. Later, in the 1980s, the Postgres project [65] pioneered the idea of log-structured  database storage. Postgres appended all writes into a sequential log, enabling fast …
Cost metrics of electrical energy storage technologies in potential power system operations | P Nikolaidis, A Poullikkas - Sustainable Energy Technologies and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Since electricity is crucial to the development, progress, and overall lifestyle in the global  economy, improvements in both renewable and storage technologies are continuously  needed for the grid to accommodate the ever-increasing variable sources [6]. …
Swift: Delay is simple and effective for congestion control in the datacenter | G Kumar, N Dukkipati, K Jang, HMG Wassel… - … , technologies …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Storage is the dominant workload for our datacenter networks. It is the primary medium for  communication across jobs, and … Tight network tail latency is a requirement because storage  access touches multiple devices, and the overall latency for any single storage operation is …
Bandana: Using non-volatile memory for storing deep learning models | A Eisenman, M Naumov, D Gardner… - Proceedings of …, 2019 - proceedings.mlsys.org | … We present Bandana, a storage system that reduces the DRAM footprint of embeddings,  by using Non-volatile Memory (NVM) as the primary storage medium, with a small amount  of DRAM as cache. The main challenge in storing embeddings on NVM is its limited read …
Evaluating persistent memory range indexes | L Lersch, X Hao, I Oukid, T Wang… - Proceedings of the VLDB …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … WORT: Write Optimal Radix Tree for Persistent Memory Storage Systems. In 15th USENIX  Conference on File and Storage Technologies (FAST 17), pages 257–270, … In 17th USENIX  Conference on File and Storage Technologies (FAST 19), pages 31–44, 2019. [31] I. Oukid, D. …
Random-forest-based failure prediction for hard disk drives | J Shen, J Wan, SJ Lim, L Yu - International Journal of …, 2018 - journals.sagepub.com | Failure prediction for hard disk drives is a typical and effective approach to improve the  reliability of storage systems. In a large-scale data center environment, the various brands and  models of drives serve diverse applications with different input/output workload patterns, and …
Remote regions: a simple abstraction for remote memory | MK Aguilera, N Amit, I Calciu, X Deguillard… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … The file interface is often used for remote storage, where the main goal is to provide durable  storage capacity. Several such systems use … will differ from the RDMA implementation we  give (that will depend on the details of these technologies, which are still work in progress). …
Basic performance measurements of the intel optane DC persistent memory module | J Izraelevitz, J Yang, L Zhang, J Kim, X Liu… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … This section explores the performance of Optane DC as a storage technology underlying  various file systems. For this section, we use DRAM as the system memory, and use either  memory-based (eg Optane DC or DRAM) or disk-based (eg Optane or Flash SSD) …
Progress in carbon capture technologies | T Wilberforce, AG Olabi, ET Sayed, K Elsaid… - Science of The Total …, 2021 - Elsevier | … investigation of the various technologies that can be harnessed to capture carbon dioxide.  The cost associated with the capture, transport, and storage of the carbon dioxide is discussed.  Socio-economic aspects of carbon capture and storage technologies are also presented in …
Legoos: A disseminated, distributed {OS} for hardware resource disaggregation | Y Shan, Y Huang, Y Chen, Y Zhang - 13th {USENIX} Symposium on …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Second, since most modern datacenter applications already provide reliability to their distributed  storage data and the current version of LegoOS does not split a file across sComponent, we  leave providing storage reliability to applications. Finally, since LegoOS does not split a …
Redesigning LSMs for nonvolatile memory with NoveLSM | S Kannan, N Bhat, A Gavrilovska… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | We present NoveLSM, a persistent LSM-based key-value storage system designed to exploit  non-volatile memories and deliver low latency and high throughput to applications. We utilize  three key techniques–a byte-addressable skip list, direct mutability of persistent state, and …
The 51 v's of big data: survey, technologies, characteristics, opportunities, issues and challenges | N Khan, A Naim, MR Hussain, QN Naveed… - … conference on omni …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Although, the storage capacity introduces less challenge in comparison with processing, due  to … storage technologies on one hand and decreasing the storage price on the other hand.  Therefore, costeffective storage solutions, Cloud technologies and now Edge technologies …
Evaluating several design patterns and trends in big data warehousing systems | C Costa, MY Santos - International Conference on Advanced Information …, 2018 - Springer | … on the storage technologies and optimizations for BDWs, discussing SQL-on-Hadoop  systems like Hive [25] and Impala [26], or improving these technologies through new storage  and processing mechanisms, namely using the ORC (Optimized Row Columnar) file format, an …
Power systems big data analytics: An assessment of paradigm shift barriers and prospects | H Akhavan-Hejazi, H Mohsenian-Rad - Energy Reports, 2018 - Elsevier | Electric power systems are taking drastic advances in deployment of information and  communication technologies; numerous new measurement devices are installed in forms of  advanced metering infrastructure, distributed energy resources (DER) monitoring systems, high …
PP: Popularity-based proactive data recovery for HDFS RAID systems | S Wu, W Zhu, B Mao, KC Li - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … He has been involved actively in conferences and workshops as a program/general/steering  conference chairman positions, numerous conferences and workshops as a program  committee member, and has organized numerous conferences related to high-performance …
Technological and legislative status point of stationary energy storages in the EU | L Dusonchet, S Favuzza, F Massaro, E Telaretti… - … and Sustainable Energy …, 2019 - Elsevier | … , storage technologies still see significant needs for more education among stakeholders,  since they are not familiar with technology's benefits and management solutions. In order to fill  this gap, this study provides an overview of storage technologies … international conference on …
Simd-x: Programming and processing of graph algorithms on gpus | H Liu, HH Huang - 2019 {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … In Proceedings of international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining (… In  17th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies (FAST 19), pages 249–263, … In  Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies, pages 45–58. …
Using Scopus's CiteScore for assessing the quality of computer science conferences | LI Meho - Journal of Informetrics, 2019 - Elsevier | … of conferences, it provides CiteScore values for only 180 conferences in all subject categories  together. This is because Scopus generates CiteScore values for conferences … only 395  conferences; however, I believe the various methods used to select these conferences were …
The Next Generation Cloud technologies: A Review On Distributed Cloud, Fog And Edge Computing and Their Opportunities and Challenges | AT Atieh - ResearchBerg Review of Science and Technology, 2021 - researchberg.com | … The next generation cloud technologies is believed to overcome these shortcomings. This  research seeks to examine the few next generation cloud technologies, namely, distributed  cloud, fog computing, edge computing. The distributed cloud improves worldwide service …
Blockchain-based decentralized storage networks: A survey | NZ Benisi, M Aminian, B Javadi - Journal of Network and Computer …, 2020 - Elsevier | … Distributed file storage systems are built on blockchain technology and as such do not have  a trusted central party that controls the … storage providers, we can be confident that even a  malicious node cannot decrypt a file wholly and access its data unlike cloud-based storage …
Real-time diffraction computed tomography data reduction | J Kieffer, S Petitdemange, T Vincent - Journal of synchrotron …, 2018 - scripts.iucr.org | … 2) acts as an NFS (network file server) server over RDMA (remote direct memory access) for  optimal performance with the detector and is directly connected to the GPFS (general parallel  file-system) storage cluster (Schmuck & Haskin, 2002). This data analysis computer has …
Runtime analysis of whole-system provenance | T Pasquier, X Han, T Moyer, A Bates… - … SIGSAC Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … CamQuery thus enables the further deployment of provenance-based technologies to address  central challenges in computer security. … We assume the availability of secure provenance  storage, which can be achieved through a variety of known techniques. For example, Hasan …
The role of energy storage in deep decarbonization of electricity production | M Arbabzadeh, R Sioshansi, JX Johnson… - Nature …, 2019 - nature.com | … We investigate the potential of energy storage technologies to reduce renewable curtailment  and CO 2 emissions in … technologies see deployment under some scenarios. We also find  that relatively modest reductions in the capital costs of other energy storage technologies can …
Trends in Data Warehousing Techniques | N Kunnathuvalappil Hariharan - … Kunnathuvalappil Hariharan.(2019 …, 2019 - papers.ssrn.com | … This paper focuses on novel technologies and approaches for incorporating NoSQL  databases and MapReduce systems with one another or other systems to enhance or speed up  data processing and storage in data warehouses, or to implement new algorithms for computing …
A review on peak load shaving strategies | M Uddin, MF Romlie, MF Abdullah, S Abd Halim… - … and Sustainable Energy …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Different energy storage technologies used for peak shaving are included in the review.  Next, the operation, control and sizing of ESS are discussed further. … In: Proceedings of  the international conference on smart grid and clean energy technologies, IEEE; 2015. p. 30-4. …
Zonealloy: Elastic data and space management for hybrid {SMR} drives | F Wu, B Li, Z Cao, B Zhang, MH Yang, H Wen… - … in Storage and File …, 2019 - usenix.org | The emergence of Hybrid Shingled Magnetic Recording (H-SMR) allows dynamic conversion  of the recording format between Conventional Magnetic Recording (CMR) and SMR on a  single disk drive. H-SMR is promising for its ability to manage the performance/capacity trade-…
A study of data storage security issues in cloud computing | A Venkatesh, MS Eastaff - International Journal of Scientific …, 2018 - academia.edu | … We can define cloud storage as storage of the data online in the cloud. A cloud storage system  is considered as a distributed data centres, which typically use cloud-computing technologies  and offers some kind of interface for storing and accessing data. When storing data on …
Use cases of lossy compression for floating-point data in scientific data sets | F Cappello, S Di, S Li, X Liang… - … Journal of High …, 2019 - journals.sagepub.com | Architectural and technological trends of systems used for scientific computing call for a  significant reduction of scientific data sets that are composed mainly of floating-point data. This  article surveys and presents experimental results of currently identified use cases of generic …
System evaluation of the intel optane byte-addressable nvm | IB Peng, MB Gokhale, EW Green - Proceedings of the International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Non-volatile memory (NVM) technologies are considered as a promising alternative to  DRAM for its high density, low standby power, and low cost per bit. Nevertheless, their access  latency could be as high as 3 − 20 times that of DRAM. Additionally, their low bandwidth, …
Elasticbf: elastic bloom filter with hotness awareness for boosting read performance in large key-value stores | Y Li, C Tian, F Guo, C Li, Y Xu - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2019 - usenix.org | … of filter units cost about 192KB storage, which is only 0.3% of a 64MB SSTable, and the  filters are stored in secondary storage, so the storage overhead of ElasticBF is negligible. …  In Proceedings of the international conference on Supercomputing, pages 85–95. ACM, 2011. …
Review of the current technologies and performances of hydrogen compression for stationary and automotive applications | G Sdanghi, G Maranzana, A Celzard, V Fierro - … and Sustainable Energy …, 2019 - Elsevier | … The present review summarises the state of the art of the most classical hydrogen  compression technologies. We shall present the technical and design features of mechanical  compressors, ie, reciprocating, diaphragm, linear and ionic liquid compressors, as well as of …
Production of hydrogen for export from wind and solar energy, natural gas, and coal in Australia | A Boretti - International Journal of Hydrogen Energy, 2020 - Elsevier | … Carbon capture, utilization, and storage technologies that ensure no CO 2 is released in the  production process, and new technologies to separate the oxygen from the air, and in case  of natural gas, the water, and the CO 2 from the combustion products, are urgently needed to …
Thermal energy grid storage using multi-junction photovoltaics | C Amy, HR Seyf, MA Steiner, DJ Friedman… - Energy & Environmental …, 2019 - pubs.rsc.org | … evaluating storage technologies that treats round trip efficiency, as well as cost per unit  energy and power, as variables. … storage technologies (* indicates not shown in C, because off  the chart). (C) CPE and CPP (white shapes) of three competitive energy storage technologies. …
Proctor: Detecting and investigating interference in shared datacenters | RS Kannan, A Jain, MA Laurenzano… - … Analysis of Systems …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Cloud-scale datacenter management systems utilize virtualization to provide performance  isolation while maximizing the utilization of the underlying hardware infrastructure. However,  virtualization does not provide complete performance isolation as Virtual Machines (VMs) still …
Big data service architecture: a survey | J Wang, Y Yang, T Wang, RS Sherratt… - Journal of Internet …, 2020 - jit.ndhu.edu.tw | … First, we investigated big data infrastructures that support the big data collection and storage  technologies and tools. Then according to the different data processing modes, the technical  frameworks of four typical data processing were briefly introduced. Afterwards, this paper …
Fuzzing file systems via two-dimensional input space exploration | W Xu, H Moon, S Kashyap, PN Tseng… - 2019 IEEE Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … -dimensional input space of a file system, ie, mutating metadata on a large image, while  emitting image-directed file operations. In addition, … We evaluate JANUS on eight file systems  and found 90 bugs in the upstream Linux kernel, 62 of which have been acknowledged. Forty-…
A Big Data visualization layer meta-model proposition | A Erraissi, B Mouad, A Belangour - … 8th International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Then, Advances in storage technologies make it possible to conserve huge amounts of data  at a lower cost. Lastly, Network transfer speeds also followed this movement. As a result,  Internet access has become widespread, allowing the interconnection of billions of people and …
Smart technologies for promotion of energy efficiency, utilization of sustainable resources and waste management | S Nižetić, N Djilali, A Papadopoulos… - Journal of cleaner …, 2019 - Elsevier | … The strategic focus of the conference was to help solve crucial issues of our times, mainly …  energy technologies, the key feature besides technological advances of the technologies as …  development of novel and more efficient energy storage technologies. It is in this context that …
Market and regulatory barriers to electrical energy storage innovation | GC Gissey, PE Dodds, J Radcliffe - Renewable and Sustainable Energy …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Energy storage has been identified as a priority technology for innovation. However, the  rapidly developing family of storage technologies will find … This paper analyses and categorizes  16 investment barriers hindering the near-term deployment of energy storage technologies in …
Dostoevsky: Better space-time trade-offs for LSM-tree based key-value stores via adaptive removal of superfluous merging | N Dayan, S Idreos - Proceedings of the 2018 International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Dostoevsky on top of RocksDB, and we show that it strictly dominates state-of-the-art designs  in terms of performance and storage space. … of entries that fit into a storage block, and P is  the size of the buffer in terms of storage blocks. In general, Level i has a capacity of B · P ·T …
Datacenter RPCs can be general and fast | A Kalia, M Kaminsky, D Andersen - 16th {USENIX} Symposium on …, 2019 - usenix.org | It is commonly believed that datacenter networking software must sacrifice generality to attain  high performance. The popularity of specialized distributed systems designed specifically  for niche technologies such as RDMA, lossless networks, FPGAs, and programmable …
Resource optimization of container orchestration: a case study in multi-cloud microservices-based applications | C Guerrero, I Lera, C Juiz - The Journal of Supercomputing, 2018 - Springer | … Containers are an operating system level virtualization technology which offers independent  execution environments and isolated file systems. Container images are incremental and  layered file systems which only include the additional files and libraries that are not in the …
Offloading in fog computing for IoT: Review, enabling technologies, and research opportunities | M Aazam, S Zeadally, KA Harras - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … One example would be different storage technologies used by different cloud storage  providers. Each storage service may have different … He has served several conferences and  workshops as a general chair, invited speaker, and invited session chair (IEEE Globecom’14, …
What bugs cause production cloud incidents? | H Liu, S Lu, M Musuvathi, S Nath - Proceedings of the Workshop on Hot …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Cloud services have become the backbone of today's computing world. Runtime incidents,  which adversely affect the expected service operations, are extremely costly in terms of user  impacts and engineering efforts required to resolve them. Hence, such incidents are the …
Blockchain-based personal health data sharing system using cloud storage | X Zheng, RR Mukkamala, R Vatrapu… - … Conference on e …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The aim of this paper is to propose a personal health data sharing system based on  blockchain and cloud storage technologies, to enable users easily and securely sharing their  personal health data and help researchers and commercial data consumers to obtain necessary …
Formation of a consolidated information resource by means of cloud technologies | H Lypak, A Rzheuskyi, N Kunanets… - … -Practical Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In our case, it is the information resources of libraries, museums, archives, electronic  collections of mass media and technologies of their … The interface of the software is quite  simple, it makes it easy manage the storage technologies of library, museum, archival, scientific …
A review on wind power smoothing using high-power energy storage systems | PHA Barra, WC de Carvalho, TS Menezes… - … and Sustainable Energy …, 2021 - Elsevier | … energy storage technologies are discussed and compared, and a brief description of the main  short-term applications of these technologies … Concerning the classification of the documents,  only review articles, articles, conference review articles, and conference articles comprise …
Hadoop mapreduce performance on ssds for analyzing social networks | M Bakratsas, P Basaras, D Katsaros, L Tassiulas - Big data research, 2018 - Elsevier | … In section 4, we provide information about the three algorithms that will be evaluated in the  storage media. Section 5 contains the … We observe that for writing sequential files, with the  increase of filesize, SSD1's performance is decreasing, falling behind the HDD. Contrariwise, …
A systematic survey on cloud forensics challenges, solutions, and future directions | B Manral, G Somani, KKR Choo, M Conti… - ACM Computing …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We also conducted the procedure with various journals and conferences dedicated to the  parent field, cloud computing, and digital … (3) Contributions focusing on digital forensics of the  underlying cloud technologies. (4) Contributions relevant to both cloud computing and digital …
A review of energy storage types, applications and recent developments | S Koohi-Fayegh, MA Rosen - Journal of Energy Storage, 2020 - Elsevier | … energy storage technologies are considered, including electrochemical and battery energy  storage, thermal energy storage, thermochemical energy storage, flywheel energy storage… [7]  provide an overview of various types of electrical energy storage technologies and provide a …
Internet of things in smart grid: Architecture, applications, services, key technologies, and challenges | A Ghasempour - Inventions, 2019 - mdpi.com | … We will investigate technologies which are essential to apply IoT to SG. Several IoT  applications and services in SG will be introduced. … • Things-oriented: In the things-oriented  vision, we can track any object using sensors and pervasive technologies. Any object can be …
Intelligent healthcare systems assisted by data analytics and mobile computing | X Ma, Z Wang, S Zhou, H Wen… - … Computing Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 4, this layer consists of a Distributed File Storage (DFS) module and a Distributed Parallel  Computing (DPC) module. Using big-data-related technologies, DFS will improve system  performance by providing efficient data storage and I/O for heterogeneous medical data. Based …
Design and analysis of 2T2M hybrid CMOS-Memristor based RRAM | N Shaarawy, A Emara, AM El-Naggar, ME Elbtity… - Microelectronics …, 2018 - Elsevier | In this paper, a Static Noise Margin (SNM) analysis for 2T2M RRAM cell is investigated. The  proposed analysis is done using mathematical formulation and verified by SPICE simulations.  The analysis is tested for both, write and read modes. Moreover, the analysis is applied to …
The 10 Vs, issues and challenges of big data | N Khan, M Alsaqer, H Shah, G Badsha… - … conference on big data …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … However, the storage capacity introduces less challenge in comparison with processing,  due to rapidly developing storage technologies on one hand and decreasing the storage price  on the other hand. So, costeffective storage solutions and Cloud technologies provide the …
{SAND}: Towards High-Performance Serverless Computing | IE Akkus, R Chen, I Rimac, M Stein, K Satzke… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Second, we design a hierarchical message queuing and storage mechanism to leverage  locality for the interacting functions of the same … The same hierarchy is also applied for our  storage subsystem in case functions of the same application need to share data. With these two …
Approach to the construction of specialized portable terminals for monitoring and controlling technological equipment | P Nikishechkin, N Chervonnova… - … Web of Conferences, 2018 - matec-conferences.org | … are increasingly being integrated into the industry, and cloud storage technologies are used  to store and access large amounts of data. … At the same time, the development of modern  production technologies and industrial equipment also leads to an increase in the amount of …
Analysis of 100% renewable energy for Iran in 2030: integrating solar PV, wind energy and storage | A Aghahosseini, D Bogdanov, N Ghorbani… - International Journal of …, 2018 - Springer | … calculated and the role of storage technologies was examined. Two scenarios have been  evaluated in this study: a country-wide scenario and an integrated scenario. In the country-wide  scenario, renewable energy generation and energy storage technologies cover the country’…
BlockIPFS-blockchain-enabled interplanetary file system for forensic and trusted data traceability | E Nyaletey, RM Parizi, Q Zhang… - … Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This will not incur high storage or network overhead since we assume amount of metadata  is much smaller than the raw data. In this case, … Third, our proposed solution adds new  functionalities and technologies that consumes extra processing power and time. Our goal has …
Techniques to secure data on cloud: Docker swarm or kubernetes? | A Modak, SD Chaudhary, PS Paygude… - … Technologies  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper presents the study and the comparison between two such technologies, ie Docker  Swarm and Kubernetes. … or replicating the data or both on multiple storage servers. [9]GlusterFS  is a scale-out network-attached file storage system. GlusterFS can be used for various …
A structured framework to assess the business application landscape of blockchain technologies. | G Salviotti, LM De Rossi… - … Conference on …, 2018 - scholarspace.manoa.hawaii.edu | Blockchain is emerging as a game changing technology in many industries. Although it is  increasingly capturing the business community’s attention, a comprehensive overview of  commercially available applications is lacking to date. This paper aims to fill this gap. Firstly, we …
{SOCK}: Rapid task provisioning with serverless-optimized containers | E Oakes, L Yang, D Zhou, K Houck, T Harter… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … In this work, we analyze Linux container primitives, identifying scalability bottlenecks related  to storage and network isolation. We also … 2.1 Container Storage Containers typically  execute using a root file system other than the host’s file system. This protects the host’s data …
A survey on cloud security issues and blockchain | S Pavithra, S Ramya, S Prathibha - … Technologies (ICCCT), 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This section includes survey on various methods on privacy preservation, data integrity  preservation and issues in auditing and storage in … These issues must be addressed when  using cloud storage and file sharing in cloud. In [16] the author proposes idea to deal with key …
Building the universal archive of source code | JF Abramatic, R Di Cosmo, S Zacchiroli - Communications of the ACM, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Hence, we want to foster a geographically distributed network of mirrors, implemented using  a variety of storage technologies, in different administrative domains, controlled by a plurality  of institutions, and located in different jurisdictions. Finally, preserving software source code …
Fog computing: from architecture to edge computing and big data processing | SP Singh, A Nayyar, R Kumar, A Sharma - The Journal of Supercomputing, 2019 - Springer | … The paper discusses the taxonomy of fog computing, how this is different from cloud  computing and edge computing technologies, its applications, emerging key technologies (ie,  communication technologies and storage technologies) and various challenges involved in fog …
SimCCS: An open-source tool for optimizing CO2 capture, transport, and storage infrastructure | RS Middleton, SP Yaw, BA Hoover, KM Ellett - Environmental Modelling & …, 2020 - Elsevier | Commercial-scale carbon capture and storage (CCS) technology will involve deploying  infrastructure on a massive and costly scale. This effort will require careful and comprehensive  planning to ensure that capture locations, storage sites, and the dedicated CO 2 distribution …
Enhancing server efficiency in the face of killer microseconds | A Mirhosseini, A Sriraman… - 2019 IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Due to advances in processor, memory, storage, and networking technologies, events that  stall execution increasingly fall in a microsecond-scale latency range. Accesses to emerging  storage-class memories [2–9], rack-scale memory disaggregation [10–14], 100+ gigabit …
Comparison among cloud technologies and cloud performance | O Alzakholi, H Shukur, R Zebari, S Abas… - Journal of Applied …, 2020 - jastt.org | … This paper reviews in detail the cloud computing system, its used technologies, and the  best technologies used with it according to multiple factors and criteria such as the procedure  cost, speed cons and pros. Moreover, A comprehensive comparison of the tools used for the …
A review on secure data deduplication: Cloud storage security issue | P Prajapati, P Shah - Journal of King Saud University-Computer and …, 2020 - Elsevier | … and Prajapati (2020) and file level and block level data deduplication are driving force in  the research of information security and distributed data storage technologies. Significance of  integrity and deduplication in the area of cloud computing data storage for the static as well as …
Implementation of distributed file storage and access framework using IPFS and blockchain | R Kumar, R Tripathi - 2019 Fifth International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we propose an IPFS based blockchain storage model to solve the storage …  propose storage model, the miners stores transaction on IPFS distributed le system storage …  blockchain data storage model that illustrates how to use IPFS networks to reduce the storage of …
A Blockchain Tokenizer for Industrial IOT trustless applications | D Mazzei, G Baldi, G Fantoni, G Montelisciani… - Future Generation …, 2020 - Elsevier | … Enabling the interaction of industrial Internet of Things (IOT) platforms with Blockchain might  be challenging because standards are still missing in both these technologies. Moreover,  integrating productive assets with distributed data exchange and storage technologies is a …
Seasonal energy storage for zero-emissions multi-energy systems via underground hydrogen storage | P Gabrielli, A Poluzzi, GJ Kramer, C Spiers… - … and Sustainable Energy …, 2020 - Elsevier | … The MES considered in this work is limited to the set of conversion and storage technologies  required to produce, store and convert H 2 from renewable power, and it therefore includes:  photovoltaic (PV) panels and wind turbines (WT), a power to hydrogen (PtH 2 ) system, …
Tensorscone: A secure tensorflow framework using intel sgx | R Kunkel, DL Quoc, F Gregor, S Arnautov… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … The file system shield protects confidentiality and integrity of data files. Whenever the  application would write a file, the shield either encrypts and authenticates, simply authenticates  or passes the file as is. The choice depends on user-defined path prefixes, which are part of the …
Information support of scientific researches of virtual communities on the Platform of Cloud Services | K Artem, R Holoshchuk, N Kunanets… - … Technologies, 2018 - Springer | … The authors analyze the necessity of establishing interaction between scientists in social  networks, providing communication with the organizers of conferences in real time, developing  the processes of filtering and sorting the comments text of the users of the Twitter [9, 10, 11] …
Data storage in DNA with fewer synthesis cycles using composite DNA letters | L Anavy, I Vaknin, O Atar, R Amit, Z Yakhini - Nature biotechnology, 2019 - nature.com | … make it an appealing storage medium, particularly for long-term data archiving. Existing DNA  storage technologies involve the synthesis and … of current DNA synthesis and sequencing  technologies, has not yet been exploited in DNA-storage technologies based on synthesis. …
Programming technologies for the development of web-based platform for digital psychological tools | E Nikulchev, D Ilin, P Kolyasnikov, I Zakharov… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … Currently, computer technologies are actively used for data collection in the field of education.  In recent years, web-based technologies are going to be widely known for psychological  researches. Computers are used not only for questionnaires automation, but also for complex …
Mathematical modeling of damage function when attacking file server | VG Kozlov, AV Skrypnikov… - … Physics: Conference …, 2018 - iopscience.iop.org | The development of information technologies in Russia and the prospects for their further  improvement allow us to identify a stable trend of expansion of both functions of the corresponding  automated information systems (AIS) and the spheres of their application. At the same …
Emerging trends, issues and challenges in Internet of Things, Big Data and cloud computing | A Kobusińska, C Leung, CH Hsu… - Future Generation …, 2018 - Elsevier | … The special issue consists of invited top conference papers from SC2-2016 and IoTDBS 2017  conferences, as well as papers from the open call. … The special issue pays also attention to  the new big data storage facilities. Current storage technologies encounter difficulties while …
Perspectives of automotive battery R&D in China, Germany, Japan, and the USA | D Bresser, K Hosoi, D Howell, H Li, H Zeisel… - Journal of Power …, 2018 - Elsevier | … The “immediate” use of renewable energies needed by the society requires the development  of suitable energy storage technologies to replace the fossil “energy storage compounds”,  which also offer rather poor efficiencies. Although not every energy storage technology …
MDev-NVMe: A NVMe storage virtualization solution with mediated pass-through | B Peng, H Zhang, J Yao, Y Dong, Y Xu… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper introduces MDevNVMe, a new virtualization implementation for NVMe storage  device with: (1) full NVMe storage virtualization running native NVMe driver in guest, and (2) a  mediated pass-through mechanism with an active polling mode which can achieve both high …
Elmem: Towards an elastic memcached system | UU Hafeez, M Wajahat, A Gandhi - … International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To address Q1, we consider the maximum request rate, say rDB, that the database or  back-end storage tier can handle without violating the SLO performance target; here, we assume  that database is the performance bottleneck, which is typically the case [8]. The AutoScaler …
DedupDUM: secure and scalable data deduplication with dynamic user management | H Yuan, X Chen, T Jiang, X Zhang, Z Yan, Y Xiang - Information Sciences, 2018 - Elsevier | Data deduplication on cloud enables the cloud servers to store a cope of data and eliminate  redundant one so that a goal to save storage space and network bandwidth is realized.  Recently, many research works which are concerning to the privacy-preserving problem of …
Significant aspects of carbon capture and storage–A review | A Raza, R Gholami, R Rezaee, V Rasouli, M Rabiei - Petroleum, 2019 - Elsevier | … When planning for CO 2 injection, apart from the containment security and adequate storage  volume, the injectivity and storage efficiency of the chosen storage site must be evaluated.  Optimization of these factors is essential to have the highest storage capacity and initiate a …
GraphOne A Data Store for Real-time Analytics on Evolving Graphs | P Kumar, HH Huang - ACM Transactions on Storage (TOS), 2020 - dl.acm.org | … There has been significant addition to the conference paper, including presentation on  concurrent analytics execution, comparison against two new systems: a snapshot-based batch  graph analytic system and a stream graph analytics system. We also incorporate various new …
Pronto: Easy and fast persistence for volatile data structures | A Memaripour, J Izraelevitz, S Swanson - … -Fifth International Conference …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Similarly, we report the storage cost of PMEMKV as well as PMDK and KaminoTx data  structures in Table 3. All numbers are for single-threaded configurations with 1 KB values. In  contrast to PMEMKV, Pronto key-value stores (HashMap and Map) require 27% less volatile mem…
Iron: Isolating network-based {CPU} in container environments | J Khalid, E Rozner, W Felter, C Xu… - … on Networked Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | Containers are quickly increasing in popularity as the mechanism to deploy computation in  the cloud. In order to provide consistent and reliable performance, cloud providers must  ensure containers cannot adversely interfere with one another. Because containers share the …
Big data and stream processing platforms for Industry 4.0 requirements mapping for a predictive maintenance use case | R Sahal, JG Breslin, MI Ali - Journal of Manufacturing Systems, 2020 - Elsevier | … Consequently, we can vary big data storage technologies according to their capabilities to  process data using the in-memory mechanism, especially for critical real-time applications.  MongoDB, Cassandra, and HBase are representatives of this mechanism. As per Eric Brewer, …
An innovative IPFS-based storage model for blockchain | Q Zheng, Y Li, P Chen, X Dong - … ACM International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … storage, this paper taNes the Bitcoin blocNchain as an example, and considers the transaction  data to be stored in the IPFS (InterPlanetary File … • We propose a new blocNchain data  storage model that illustrates how to use IPFS networNs to reduce the storage of blocNchain …
Narrowing the gap between serverless and its state with storage functions | T Zhang, D Xie, F Li, R Stutsman - … of the ACM Symposium on Cloud …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … • We identify the gap between serverless computing and state storage; we propose storage  functions to address this gap; and we … For example, the storage layer makes it so that storage  resources need not be mapped in and out of V8 runtimes, which would be costly. Similarly, a …
Fast miss ratio curve modeling for storage cache | X Hu, X Wang, L Zhou, Y Luo, Z Wang… - … Transactions on Storage …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | The reuse distance (least recently used (LRU) stack distance) is an essential metric for  performance prediction and optimization of storage cache. Over the past four decades, there  have been steady improvements in the algorithmic efficiency of reuse distance measurement. …
GeoTriples: Transforming geospatial data into RDF graphs using R2RML and RML mappings | K Kyzirakos, D Savva, I Vlachopoulos… - Journal of Web …, 2018 - Elsevier | … ” at the most recent SmartData conference 23 gives details of these approaches (… file that  contains the geometry is 20 MB while the file that contains the non-spatial attributes is 8 kB. We  have modified these files by increasing the file that contains the geometry to 250 MB, the file …
Fault site pruning for practical reliability analysis of GPGPU applications | B Nie, L Yang, A Jog, E Smirni - 2018 51st Annual IEEE/ACM …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Graphics Processing Units (GPUs) have rapidly evolved to enable energy-efficient data-parallel  computing for a broad range of scientific areas. While GPUs achieve exascale performance  at a stringent power budget, they are also susceptible to soft errors, often caused by high-…
Hydrogen storage for mobility: a review | E Rivard, M Trudeau, K Zaghib - Materials, 2019 - mdpi.com | … All current hydrogen storage technologies have significant drawbacks, including complex  thermal management systems, boil-off, poor efficiency, … of compressed hydrogen offers a  functional solution and demonstrates a storage option for mobility compared to other technologies. …
Persistent fossil fuel growth threatens the Paris Agreement and planetary health | RB Jackson, P Friedlingstein, RM Andrew… - Environmental …, 2019 - iopscience.iop.org | … Research on, and current deployment of, carbon capture and storage technologies could  reduce CO 2 emissions in new facilities and by retrofitting existing fossil fuel power plants.  Electric cars still make up <1% of the global fleet but are growing rapidly; coupled to low- and no-…
A blockchain-based decentralized data storage and access framework for pinger | S Ali, G Wang, B White… - … Conference on Big Data …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … storage and access framework by storing the metadata of daily PingER files on the  permissioned blockchain whereas the actual data is stored off-chain on multiple MAs. • We design  an off-chain storage of PingER data files … aside from the PingER decentralized data storage. …
Power system flexibility: A review | OM Babatunde, JL Munda, Y Hamam - Energy Reports, 2020 - Elsevier | … Energy storage facilities Energy storage technologies are used in storing energy generated  during the periods of surplus and cheap … storage technologies is higher [17]. In recent times,  more research efforts has been directed towards the implementation of large scale energy …
Maximizing intermittency in 100% renewable and reliable power systems: A holistic approach applied to Reunion Island in 2030 | N Maïzi, V Mazauric, E Assoumou, S Bouckaert… - Applied Energy, 2018 - Elsevier | … storage technologies may be available at short notice – typically lower than 15 s – to sustain  the frequency prior to any primary controls. These storage technologies … τ s where the subscript  s denotes the “on-grid” storage technologies – supplying the power Q ∼ s – available to …
Efficient hardware-assisted logging with asynchronous and direct-update for persistent memory | J Jeong, CH Park, J Huh… - 2018 51st Annual IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … such as PCM, STT-MRAM, and ReRAM have emerged to provide persistency as well as  much higher storage density than … technologies [1], [14], [18]–[20]. The latency, density, and  persistency of NVMs lead to a new storage class memory (SCM), providing persistent storage …
A critical analysis on hybrid renewable energy modeling tools: An emerging opportunity to include social indicators to optimise systems in small communities | MA Cuesta, T Castillo-Calzadilla, CE Borges - Renewable and Sustainable …, 2020 - Elsevier | … The arrival of different renewable energy and storage technologies with lower costs is  helping smaller communities to gain access to affordable electricity resources through energy  systems fed from heterogeneous generation resources. With the growing popularity of Hybrid …
Enabling technologies and tools for digital twin | Q Qi, F Tao, T Hu, N Anwer, A Liu, Y Wei… - Journal of Manufacturing …, 2021 - Elsevier | … However, due to the increasing volume and heterogeneity of multisource DT data, traditional  database technologies are no longer unfeasible. Big data storage technologies, such as  distributed file storage (DFS), NoSQL database, NewSQL database, and cloud storage, are …
Review of energy storage services, applications, limitations, and benefits | AZAL Shaqsi, K Sopian, A Al-Hinai - Energy Reports, 2020 - Elsevier | … However, besides changes in the olden devices, some recent energy storage technologies  and systems like flow batteries, super … The energy storage technologies and devices can be  classified on various bases. The categorization of EES technologies may be functions-based, …
Larry: Practical network reconfigurability in the data center | A Chatzieleftheriou, S Legtchenko, H Williams… - … on Networked Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … On a cache miss, a file is read from the storage tier over the network. We group the network  transfers by rack… storage tier and the cache in a flow-based simulator that computes the flow  completion times (FCT) assuming maxmin fairness bandwidth allocation and one flow per file …
Methods of Using Cloud Technologies in Islamic Education Institutions | DA Irgashevich - METHODS, 2020 - academia.edu | … , many articles have been written about this, more conferences have been held, and how  many solutions already exist on the market cannot be counted at all.Actually, all the difference  lies solely in the method of data storage and processing. If all operations take place on your …
Understanding Users' Preferences for Privacy and Security Features–A Conjoint Analysis of Cloud Storage Services | D Naous, C Legner - International Conference on Business Information …, 2019 - Springer | … In an interconnected world, privacy and security concerns become main adoption barriers  of new technologies. IT … and willingness-to-pay for privacy preserving features in personal  cloud storage. Our contributions are two-fold: For research, we … Capacity of the file storage …
Lightweight attribute based encryption scheme for mobile cloud assisted cyber-physical systems | Q He, N Zhang, Y Wei, Y Zhang - Computer Networks, 2018 - Elsevier | … He serves as organizing committee chairs and technical program committee for some  international conferences. His research … conference chair, and a member of journal editorial  boards and conference program committees for a number of international journals and conferences…
Optimal economic operation of microgrids integrating wind farms and advanced rail energy storage system | M Moazzami, J Moradi, H Shahinzadeh… - … Journal of Renewable …, 2018 - researchgate.net | … storage technologies in the previous works by other researchers include mainly pumped  storage and compressed air energy storage (CAES) technologies. … large-scale battery and  flywheel technologies and highly effective compressed air energy storage and pumped storage …
Energy storage for grid-scale applications: Technology review and economic feasibility analysis | GF Frate, L Ferrari, U Desideri - Renewable Energy, 2021 - Elsevier | … In this paper, such storage technologies are reviewed focusing on the performance and …  [16] presented at the RDPE 2019 conference held in Warsaw from 3rd to December 6, 2019…  one of the most promising storage technologies for grid-scale storage applications. Even though …
Cost optimal self-consumption of PV prosumers with stationary batteries, heat pumps, thermal energy storage and electric vehicles across the world up to 2050 | D Keiner, M Ram, LDSNS Barbosa, D Bogdanov… - Solar Energy, 2019 - Elsevier | … Additionally, electricity and heat storage technologies, heat pumps and battery electric vehicles  are complementary to achieve the highest … mix of the various complementary technologies  such as batteries, electric vehicles, heat pumps and thermal heat storage for PV prosumers …
The potential for battery energy storage to provide peaking capacity in the United States | P Denholm, J Nunemaker, P Gagnon, W Cole - Renewable Energy, 2020 - Elsevier | … ranging from 70% to 90%, which could represent a range of storage technologies. We found  minimal impact on PDRC, particularly at relatively low … of storage. There may be a reduction  in PDRC for technologies with lower round trip efficiency in scenarios with very large storage …
Big data analytics for large-scale wireless networks: Challenges and opportunities | HN Dai, RCW Wong, H Wang, Z Zheng… - ACM Computing …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We divide the data storage system into two layers: storage infrastructure and data management  software. The infrastructure not only … file systems at a single personal computer (PC) to distributed  file systems. In a PC, a file system is mainly used for the purpose of data storage …
RARE: Defeating side channels based on data-deduplication in cloud storage | Z Pooranian, KC Chen, CM Yu… - … 2018-IEEE Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We consider a trusted cloud storage with cross-user clientside data deduplication. Basically,  in order to upload a file f into the cloud S, first, the file should be divided into chunks c with  bit length φ. In principle, to upload a chunk c, one needs to upload the deduplication check …
Migration-aware genetic optimization for mapreduce scheduling and replica placement in hadoop | C Guerrero, I Lera, C Juiz - Journal of Grid Computing, 2018 - Springer | … This work addresses the optimization of file locality, file availability, and replica migration  cost in a Hadoop architecture. Our optimization … A novel scalable architecture of cloud  storage system for small files based on p2p. In: 2012 IEEE International Conference on Cluster …
Big data processing using spark in cloud | M Mittal, VE Balas, LM Goyal, R Kumar - 2019 - Springer | … storage technologies and analytical tools play a critical role. However, it is evident that Big  Data places rigorous demands on networks, storage… He also works as a reviewer and an  editorial and technical board member for many journals and conferences. He regularly publishes …
Design framework on tertiary education system in Indonesia using blockchain technology | U Rahardja, AN Hidayanto… - … Conference on Cyber …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … amounts of cloud storage to faculty … storage can be advantageous here as it can bring down  the price of cloud storage by a significant amount. Siacoin and filecoin are examples known  as the Airbnb of file storage because of the lower class compared to traditional file storage …
Multi-objective fuzzy-swarm optimizer for data partitioning | SB Goyal, P Bedi, AS Rajawat, RN Shaw… - … Intelligent Technologies, 2022 - Springer | To boost the performance level of big data, data partitioning is considered to be as the  backbone of big data applications. In recent years, many researchers are focusing their work  toward data science and analysis for real-time applications with the integration of big data. …
Strategic control and cost optimization of thermal energy storage in buildings using EnergyPlus | R Kamal, F Moloney, C Wickramaratne, A Narasimhan… - Applied Energy, 2019 - Elsevier | … Energy storage also plays an important role to shift the demand from peak to off-peak on  the consumer side. Battery energy storage and TES are the two energy storage technologies  for current commercial use. In a review by Sun et al. [3] on cold storage in buildings to shift air-…
Comprehensive survey of big data mining approaches in cloud systems | ZS Ageed, SRM Zeebaree… - Qubahan Academic …, 2021 - journal.qubahan.com | Cloud computing, data mining, and big online data are discussed in this paper as hybridization  possibilities. The method of analyzing and visualizing vast volumes of data is known as  the visualization of data mining. The effect of computing conventions and algorithms on …
Impact of cloud computing and internet of things on the future internet | LM Haji, OM Ahmad, SR Zeebaree… - … Reports of Kansai …, 2020 - researchgate.net | Internet of Things (IoT) and Cloud computing are extremely distinct technologies which are  by now playing an important role in our life. It is expected that adopting and using them would  be more and more common, that makes them significant components for the Future Internet (…
Using high-bandwidth networks efficiently for fast graph computation | Y Cheng, H Jiang, F Wang, Y Hua… - … on Parallel and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Her research interests include computer architecture, massive storage systems, and parallel  file systems. She has more than 100 publications in major journals and international conferences,  including IEEE-TC, IEEETPDS, ACM-TOS, JCST, FAST, USENIX ATC, ICDCS, HPDC, …
Role of long-duration energy storage in variable renewable electricity systems | JA Dowling, KZ Rinaldi, TH Ruggles, SJ Davis, M Yuan… - Joule, 2020 - Elsevier | … For a variety of storage technologies, we provide the total capital cost divided by the power  and again by the usable energy capacity of … at low capacity factors, increasing costs,  curtailment of VRE, or deployment of short-term and long-term grid storage technologies, with the …
Impact of hydrogen energy storage on California electric power system: Towards 100% renewable electricity | P Colbertaldo, SB Agustin, S Campanari… - International Journal of …, 2019 - Elsevier | … Due to the intermittent nature of major renewable sources like wind and solar, storage  technologies will be critical in the future power grid to accommodate fluctuating generation.  The storage systems will need to decouple supply and demand by shifting electrical energy on …
Intelligent monitoring system for smart road environment | A Finogeev, А Finogeev, L Fionova, A Lyapin… - Journal of Industrial …, 2019 - Elsevier | … Modern approach to distributed computing and storage of sensor data is based on the …  and storage technologies such as media, content and communication networks. Convergence  in relation to network technologies means the process of telecommunication technologies …
REANA: A system for reusable research data analyses | T Šimko, L Heinrich, H Hirvonsalo… - … of conferences, 2019 - epj-conferences.org | … The REANA platform aims at supporting several container technologies (Docker), workflow  engines (CWL, Yadage), shared storage systems (Ceph, EOS) and compute cloud infrastructures  (Ku-bernetes/OpenStack, HTCondor) used by the community.REANA was developed …
Realizing the potential of blockchain technologies in genomics | HI Ozercan, AM Ileri, E Ayday, C Alkan - Genome research, 2018 - genome.cshlp.org | Genomics data introduce a substantial computational burden as well as data privacy and  ownership issues. Data sets generated by high-throughput sequencing platforms require  immense amounts of computational resources to align to reference genomes and to call and …
Energy harvesting sources, storage devices and system topologies for environmental wireless sensor networks: A review | M Prauzek, J Konecny, M Borova, K Janosova… - Sensors, 2018 - mdpi.com | … This review provides a comprehensive account of energy harvesting sources, energy storage  devices, and corresponding topologies of … Many communication technologies described  in this section can also setup a downlink communication channel, which allows a specific …
Single machine graph analytics on massive datasets using intel optane DC persistent memory | G Gill, R Dathathri, L Hoang, R Peri… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | Intel Optane DC Persistent Memory (Optane PMM) is a new kind of byte-addressable  memory with higher density and lower cost than DRAM. This enables the design of affordable  systems that support up to 6TB of randomly accessible memory. In this paper, we present key …
Hydrogen storage and delivery: Review of the state of the art technologies and risk and reliability analysis | R Moradi, KM Groth - International Journal of Hydrogen Energy, 2019 - Elsevier | … condition for public acceptance of these technologies and any major accident involving  hydrogen … and reliability analysis for hydrogen storage and delivery technologies is discussed,  and … The hydrogen storage technologies can be divided into two main groups: physical-based …
The CO2 economy: Review of CO2 capture and reuse technologies | EI Koytsoumpa, C Bergins, E Kakaras - The Journal of Supercritical Fluids, 2018 - Elsevier | … storage technologies acting as energy adsorbents and directing the end product to heat and  chemical market. Electric to heat energy storage technologies include thermal and solar  thermal storage … decentralized heat applications or LAES technologies for heat recovery and …
In-memory blockchain: Toward efficient and trustworthy data provenance for hpc systems | A Al-Mamun, T Li, M Sadoghi… - … Conference on Big Data …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Line 7, where we stop touching the shared storage as long as one copy of the new block is  appended on the shared storage. Although the … from other compute nodes and the PoS from  the shared storage (we can think of the shared storage as the oldest “node” in the network), …
Deploying microservice based applications with kubernetes: Experiments and lessons learned | LA Vayghan, MA Saied, M Toeroe… - … conference on cloud …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Microservices, composing an application, can be written in different programming  languages and use different storage technologies. Microservices can address the drawbacks  of the monolithic approach, where the application is a single deployable unit suffering from "…
Music computer technologies in computer science and music studies at schools for children with deep visual impairment | IB Gorbunova, AM Voronov - Int'l Conference Proceedings, 2018 - uruae.org | … The tiflotechnik class implements contemporary technological capabilities for training  visually impaired information and music computer technologies. Analysis of the peculiarities of  the use of music computer technologies (MCT) by rehabilitators with visual impairments shows …
Design and implementation of an integrated iot blockchain platform for sensing data integrity | L Hang, DH Kim - Sensors, 2019 - mdpi.com | … storage technologies are desired to deal with a large amount of IoT data. In our system, we  apply a separate software solution by deploying the Couch database (DB), resided on each  peer, to enable the large file storage and … algorithms and data storage technologies in order to …
Machine learning and big data processing: a technological perspective and review | R Bhatnagar - … on Advanced Machine Learning Technologies and …, 2018 - Springer | … “Big Data” refers to a collection of tools, techniques and technologies for working with data  productively, at any scale. Increase in the storage capacity & advanced storage technologies,  increased processing capacity of modern day computers and availability of large scale data …
All-Or-Nothing data protection for ubiquitous communication: Challenges and perspectives | H Qiu, K Kapusta, Z Lu, M Qiu, G Memmi - Information Sciences, 2019 - Elsevier | … Therefore, the current information service model appears as a basis of a cloud-based platform  solution, which can provide data related services including computing, communications, and  storage. The information service providers can deploy new technologies of computing to …
How Decarbonization, Digitalization and Decentralization are changing key power infrastructures | ML Di Silvestre, S Favuzza, ER Sanseverino… - … and Sustainable Energy …, 2018 - Elsevier | … evolution of some key enabling technologies is explored. What emerges is that HV bulk  transport links, storage technologies and the so-called digital … In: Proceedings of the 11th  international conference on greenhouse gas control technologies, GHGT. November 2012. p. …
Batteries and fuel cells for emerging electric vehicle markets | ZP Cano, D Banham, S Ye, A Hintennach, J Lu… - Nature Energy, 2018 - nature.com | … In addition to policy support, widespread deployment of electric vehicles requires high-performance  and low-cost energy storage technologies, … Energy storage barriers in emerging EV  markets Below, we outline the characteristics of energy storage technologies that require …
Chainsplitter: Towards blockchain-based industrial iot architecture for supporting hierarchical storage | G Wang, Z Shi, M Nixon, S Han - … IEEE International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … required storage space posts a grant challenge to resource-constrained IIoT infrastructures.  To address the storage issue, this paper proposes a hierarchical blockchain storage structure,  ChainSplitter. Specially, the proposed architecture features a hierarchical storage structure …
Worldwide application of aquifer thermal energy storage–A review | P Fleuchaus, B Godschalk, I Stober, P Blum - Renewable and Sustainable …, 2018 - Elsevier | … In Germany, there has been an increasing interest in storage technologies again recently.  Hence, 4 ATES projects are in the planning or construction … In: Proceedings of the international  conference on energy storage for building heating and cooling, Versailles, France; 1988. …
Flexible electricity generation, grid exchange and storage for the transition to a 100% renewable energy system in Europe | M Child, C Kemfert, D Bogdanov, C Breyer - Renewable energy, 2019 - Elsevier | … The results of this study are in line with others that suggest that storage technologies will be  essential once the level of RE supply reaches 80% of generation [[76], [77], [78]]. The results  of this study also show that PHES and to a lesser extent system battery states of charge are …
Rapid cost decrease of renewables and storage accelerates the decarbonization of China's power system | G He, J Lin, F Sifuentes, X Liu, N Abhyankar… - Nature …, 2020 - nature.com | … Under our current assumptions, we can observe that with the assumed decrease in costs  for solar, wind and storage technologies the Northwest region emerges as a national supplier  of carbon neutral electricity even as that choice requires increases in transmission capacity …
Random access in large-scale DNA data storage | L Organick, SD Ang, YJ Chen, R Lopez… - Nature …, 2018 - nature.com | … files, we tested primer performance on a pool of 3,240 synthetic “mini-files” ranging from 1 to  200 103-mers. We successfully accessed and sequenced up to 48 mini-files … However,  large-scale, deployed storage technologies today offer throughputs of hundreds of megabits per …
Pesos policy enhanced secure object store | R Krahn, B Trach, A Vahldiek-Oberwagner… - … EuroSys Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … of two trusted computing technologies: Intel SGX for trusted execution environment (TEE)  and Kinetic Open Storage for trusted storage. We have implemented Pesos as a fully-functional  storage system supporting many useful end-to-end storage features, and a range of …
A new prefetching-aware data replication to decrease access latency in cloud environment | N Mansouri, MM Javidi - Journal of Systems and Software, 2018 - Elsevier | … , which determines the correlation of the data files using the file access history and pre-fetches  the most popular files. So, the next time that this site requires a file, it will be locally available.  In addition, due to the storage space restriction, replica replacement strategy plays a vital …
Towards a decentralized data marketplace for smart cities | GS Ramachandran, R Radhakrishnan… - … Cities Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This product information is stored in a distributed file storage (DFS) framework such as  IPFS [15] or Storj [22]. 2) When the product information is successfully stored in DFS, a storage  identifier is returned by the storage framework. The seller has to register the product using this …
On data lake architectures and metadata management | P Sawadogo, J Darmont - Journal of Intelligent Information Systems, 2021 - Springer | … This can be attributed to the usage of open-source technologies such as HDFS (Khine and  Wang 2017; Stein and Morrison 2014). Another reason is that the cloud storage often used to  build data lakes reduces the cost of storage technologies. That is, the data lake owner pays …
Energy from closed mines: Underground energy storage and geothermal applications | J Menéndez, A Ordóñez, R Álvarez, J Loredo - Renewable and Sustainable …, 2019 - Elsevier | … Storage technologies are potential and flexible solutions to deal with the intermittent  nature of renewable resources. Closed mines can be used for the implementation of plants of  energy generation with low environmental impact. This paper explores the use of abandoned …
Design guidelines for high-performance SCM hierarchies | D Ustiugov, A Daglis, J Picorel, M Sutherland… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … The rest of the paper is organized as follows: First, we describe emerging SCM technologies  in §2 and motivate our insight to amortize SCM latency with bulk transfers. We then analyze  server workloads in §3 to show that naïvely replacing SCM with DRAM is impractical without …
Internet of things forensics: Recent advances, taxonomy, requirements, and open challenges | I Yaqoob, IAT Hashem, A Ahmed, SMA Kazmi… - Future Generation …, 2019 - Elsevier | … The tool parses proprietary DAT files extracted from the drone’s internal storage. These DAT  files are encrypted and encoded. The work … He has been involved in a number of  conferences and workshops in various capacities. His research interests include big data, edge …
Prefetched address translation | A Margaritov, D Ustiugov, E Bugnion… - Proceedings of the 52nd …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | With explosive growth in dataset sizes and increasing machine memory capacities, per-application  memory footprints are commonly reaching into hundreds of GBs. Such huge datasets  pressure the TLB, resulting in frequent misses that must be resolved through a page walk--a …
Data warhouses of hybrid type: features of construction | V Tomashevskyi, A Yatsyshyn, V Pasichnyk… - International Conference …, 2019 - Springer | … Different databases are used, including relational, multidimensional, NoSQL databases,  and also a file storage to perform these processes at logical level. For each of the nodes, it is  determined which databases will be used to ensure the efficiency of the system to store data at …
SSD-insider: Internal defense of solid-state drive against ransomware with perfect data recovery | SH Baek, Y Jung, A Mohaisen, S Lee… - … Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … By introducing six invariant features of ransomware for a machine learning algorithm and  by taking advantage of SSD’s unique nature, we develop a behavior-based detection and  recovery system that runs inside SSDs as a form of storage firmware. With our ransomware …
Industrial internet of things: Recent advances, enabling technologies and open challenges | WZ Khan, MH Rehman, HM Zangoti, MK Afzal… - Computers & Electrical …, 2020 - Elsevier | … storage technologies facilitate in onboard, on premise, in-network, and remote data storage in  cloud environments. The data management and processing technologies … The data analysis  technologies provide different tools for data mining, machine learning, deep learning, and …
A comparative analysis of electricity generation costs from renewable, fossil fuel and nuclear sources in G20 countries for the period 2015-2030 | M Ram, M Child, A Aghahosseini, D Bogdanov… - Journal of cleaner …, 2018 - Elsevier | … technologies. This research paper attempts to internalise some of these external and GHG  emission costs across various power generation and storage technologies in … by costs,  estimates in this research prove renewables and storage to be far cheaper than fossil and nuclear …
Assessing the photovoltaic technology landscape: efficiency and energy return on investment (EROI) | Z Zhou, M Carbajales-Dale - Energy & Environmental Science, 2018 - pubs.rsc.org | … energy storage technologies to support PV and wind; 23 and (iv) compared wind, solar PV,  and concentrating solar power (CSP) technologies. … to evaluate and compare the performance  of different PV technologies with a specific focus on the impact of panel efficiency and BOS. …
Assessment of the use of renewable energy sources for the charging infrastructure of electric vehicles | AD Gorbunova, IA Anisimov - Emerging Science Journal, 2020 - ijournalse.org | … The functioning of the proposed technologies is possible only when using renewable  sources as an energy source. P. Kumar, M. … process, and secondly, because the peculiarities  of the applied charging technologies are not taken into account. In the specified method, we can …
Tailoring multidimensional traps for rewritable multilevel optical data storage | D Liu, L Yuan, Y Jin, H Wu, Y Lv, G Xiong… - … applied materials & …, 2019 - ACS Publications | … In the current “big data” era, the state-of-the-art optical data storage (ODS) has become a  front-runner in the competing data storage technologies. As one of the most promising methods  for breaking the physical limitation suffered by traditional ones, the advance of optically …
Mistique: A system to store and query model intermediates for model diagnosis | M Vartak, JM F. da Trindade, S Madden… - … International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … of optimizations to reduce storage footprint including quantization, summarization, and data  de-duplication. We evaluate our techniques on a range of real-world ML models in scikit-learn  and Tensorflow. We demonstrate that our optimizations reduce storage by up to 110X for …
Feasibility study of seasonal solar thermal energy storage in domestic dwellings in the UK | Z Ma, H Bao, AP Roskilly - Solar Energy, 2018 - Elsevier | … solar collector area and storage capacity to meet 100% solar fraction have been obtained and  discussed; the corresponding critical storage volume sizes using different storage technologies,  including sensible heat water storage, latent heat storage and various thermochemical …
Big data quality: A survey | I Taleb, MA Serhani, R Dssouli - 2018 IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … It is a multidisciplinary, complex, and multi-variant domain where new assessment,  processing techniques, and analytics algorithms, storage technologies and processing platforms  will play a great role in the development and the maturation of this active research area. We …
Toward sustainable and systematic recycling of spent rechargeable batteries | X Zhang, L Li, E Fan, Q Xue, Y Bian, F Wu… - Chemical Society …, 2018 - pubs.rsc.org | … of sustainable energy sources and storage technologies. As attractive energy storage  technologies to integrate renewable resources and … We present state-of-the-art fundamental  research and industrial technologies related to battery recycling, with a special focus on lithium-…
“Zhores”—Petaflops supercomputer for data-driven modeling, machine learning and artificial intelligence installed in Skolkovo Institute of Science and … | I Zacharov, R Arslanov, M Gunin, D Stefonishin… - Open …, 2019 - degruyter.com | … The design of the cluster is based on the latest generation of CPUs, GPUs, network and  storage technologies, current as of 2017–2019. This paper describes the implementation of  this machine and gives details of the initial benchmarks that validate its architectural concepts. …
Exergoeconomic optimization of an adiabatic cryogenics-based energy storage system | S Hamdy, T Morosuk, G Tsatsaronis - Energy, 2019 - Elsevier | … density, longer cycle life, low storage losses, and negligible environmental impact compared  to competing technologies. This paper aims to identify the … The site-free storage in cryogenic  tanks is CESs most significant advantage towards other bulk-energy storage technologies. …
A comparison of storage systems in neighbourhood decentralized energy system applications from 2015 to 2050 | P Murray, K Orehounig, D Grosspietsch, J Carmeliet - Applied Energy, 2018 - Elsevier | … in DES is feasible today, this study assesses the future predicted potential of storage  technologies in DES from 2015 to 2050 using a multi-objective optimization model and then  benchmarks the optimal solutions against national carbon dioxide emissions targets for 2020-2050. …
Usability Testing of Google Cloud Applications: Students' Perspective. | A Alqahtani - Journal of Technology and Science Education, 2019 - ERIC | … The study therefore recommends that these cloud storage technologies be integrated into  education and that teachers and learners receive sufficient training to use them. The study  also encourages teachers to use Google applications in their daily tasks and the research …
Fail-slow at scale: Evidence of hardware performance faults in large production systems | HS Gunawi, RO Suminto, R Sears, C Golliher… - … on Storage (TOS), 2018 - dl.acm.org | Fail-slow hardware is an under-studied failure mode. We present a study of 114 reports of  fail-slow hardware incidents, collected from large-scale cluster deployments in 14 institutions.  We show that all hardware types such as disk, SSD, CPU, memory, and network components …
An overview of renewable energy resources and grid integration for commercial building applications | NT Mbungu, RM Naidoo, RC Bansal, MW Siti… - … of Energy Storage, 2020 - Elsevier | … Types of energy storage systems There are many types of electrical energy storage  technologies. The common ones include mechanical, electrochemical, chemical, … The current  thermal storage systems can be categorised according to the technologies used in absorption …
Peregrine: a pattern-aware graph mining system | K Jamshidi, R Mahadasa, K Vora - … of the Fifteenth European Conference …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Hence, they demand high computation power and require large memory (or storage) capacity,  while also lacking the ability to easily … hold massive amounts of (partial and complete)  matches in memory and/or in external storage. Systems based on stepby-step exploration …
Energy storage systems for shipboard microgrids—A review | MU Mutarraf, Y Terriche, KAK Niazi, JC Vasquez… - Energies, 2018 - mdpi.com | … Table 1 shows the different type of energy storage system with their power density, energy  density, cost, efficiency, and lifetime, whereas Table 2 compares different type of energy storage  technologies suitable for marine vessels. It can be seen that batteries such as lead acid, …
A review on battery charging and discharging control strategies: Application to renewable energy systems | E Banguero, A Correcher, Á Pérez-Navarro, F Morant… - Energies, 2018 - mdpi.com | … Storage technologies are classified according to the time needed to store energy in the  applications; such categories are instantaneous (less than a few seconds), short-term (less than  a few minutes), mid-term (less than a few hours), and long-term (days) [1,6]. Moreover, of the …
Automine: harmonizing high-level abstraction and high performance for graph mining | D Mawhirter, B Wu - Proceedings of the 27th ACM Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Graph mining algorithms that aim at identifying structural patterns of graphs are typically  more complex than graph computation algorithms such as breadth first search. Researchers  have implemented several systems with high-level and flexible interfaces customized for …
Internet of Things (IoT): Opportunities, issues and challenges towards a smart and sustainable future | S Nižetić, P Šolić, DLI González-de, L Patrono - Journal of Cleaner …, 2020 - Elsevier | … The focus of the conference was directed towards key conference tracks … conference  helped to understand the complex and intertwined effects of IoT technologies on societies and  their potential effects on sustainability in general. Various application areas of IoT technologies …
Block-secure: Blockchain based scheme for secure P2P cloud storage | J Li, J Wu, L Chen - Information Sciences, 2018 - Elsevier | … Unlike Bitcoin, transactions in our architecture are not strictly financial, instead they are  collections of file storage location URLs, file hash values and etc. We assume that the blockchain’s  memories are tamper-proof under the same adversarial network environments as in Bitcoin…
Review of social media analytics process and big data pipeline | H Sebei, MAH Taieb, MB Aouicha - Social Network Analysis and Mining, 2018 - Springer | … journal articles and conferences as extracted from … technologies, this work presents the  different Big Data technologies used during the storage and processing steps. In addition, it  reviews the storage technologies-related features (ie, scalability, CAP, architecture, data storage, …
Fog computing enabled cost-effective distributed summarization of surveillance videos for smart cities | M Nasir, K Muhammad, J Lloret, AK Sangaiah… - Journal of Parallel and …, 2019 - Elsevier | … and international conferences, international journals (more than 200 with ISI Thomson JCR).  He has been the co-editor of 40 conference … He has been involved in more than 450 Program  committees of international conferences, and more than 150 organization and steering …
Reading and writing digital data in DNA | LC Meiser, PL Antkowiak, J Koch, WD Chen… - Nature protocols, 2020 - nature.com | … storage technologies are available, existing storage technologies can become archaic  because the hardware used for archiving data has limited longevity and high associated storage  … are a general problem of all information storage (and transmission) technologies, the field of …
Microgrids with energy storage systems as a means to increase power resilience: An application to office buildings | E Rosales-Asensio, M de Simón-Martín, D Borge-Diez… - Energy, 2019 - Elsevier | … In this paper, the REopt® modeling platform [33] has been used in order to evaluate the  renewable energy resources and storage technologies that minimize energy costs and increase  the resilience of a microgrid. Formulated as a linear program of mixed integers (MILP), the …
IPFS-blockchain-based authenticity of online publications | N Nizamuddin, HR Hasan, K Salah - International Conference on …, 2018 - Springer | … Blockchain, however is an expensive medium for data storage, especially for large data  and digital content. For efficient storage of large data and content, we propose using IPFS file  system. IPFS stands for Inter-Planetary File System [4], which is a distributed, decentralized file …
The nature of combining energy storage applications for residential battery technology | D Parra, MK Patel - Applied Energy, 2019 - Elsevier | … At the grid level, Sundararagavan and Baker compared the levelised cost of energy storage  technologies combining various applications such as power quality, frequency support  and demand load-shifting [19]. This study however ignored the value creation potential of …
Finding and fixing performance pathologies in persistent memory software stacks | J Xu, J Kim, A Memaripour, S Swanson - … Fourth International Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … 2.1 Non-volatile memory technologies This paper focuses on storage systems built around  nonvolatile memories attached to the processor memory bus that appear as a directly-addressable,  persistent region in the processor’s address space. We assume the memories offer …
Energy flexible building through smart demand-side management and latent heat storage | J Lizana, D Friedrich, R Renaldi, R Chacartegui - Applied energy, 2018 - Elsevier | … and efficient thermal energy storage are one of the most promising strategies to deploy  low-carbon technologies which can benefit the … This paper proposes a novel flexible energy  building concept, based on smart control, high density latent heat storage and smart grids, able to …
Role of energy storage in ensuring transmission system adequacy and security | Z Luburić, H Pandžić, T Plavšić, L Teklić, V Valentić - Energy, 2018 - Elsevier | … However, energy storage can be regarded as both the generation asset, as it reduces peak  load and acts as a generator when injecting … This paper examines the role of energy storage  in increasing power system adequacy and security. A method is proposed to define the …
Solar Salt–Pushing an old material for energy storage to a new limit | A Bonk, M Braun, VA Sötz, T Bauer - Applied Energy, 2020 - Elsevier | … The implementation of inexpensive and reliable energy storage technologies is crucial for  the decarbonisation of energy intensive industry branches and energy supply. Sensible thermal  energy storage (TES) in molten salts is a key technology for storage of heat in the scale of …
B+-tree construction on massive data with Hadoop | HCV Ngu, JH Huh - Cluster computing, 2019 - Springer | … Among the open source storage technologies, Hadoop has the largest number of sub-projects  as it provides high extendability and various … commentators who have contributed to the  enhancement of the paper’s completeness with their valuable suggestions at the Conference. …
Secure distributed adaptive bin packing algorithm for cloud storage | I Mohiuddin, A Almogren, M Al Qurishi… - Future Generation …, 2019 - Elsevier | … storage allocation architecture for fair utilization of storage resources and we also design an  integrated end to end security framework for data at rest in cloud storage to … He has published  over 100+ research papers in the journals and conferences of international repute. He has …
State of the art of electric taxiing systems | M Lukic, A Hebala, P Giangrande… - … Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Considering power and energy requirements of the system together with the specific  energy and power of currently available storage technologies, Li-ion batteries and supercapacitors  arise as top candidates. Introduction of the ESS would increase the overall weight of ET …
National Features of Forming a Digital Economy in Russia | PM Gureev, VV Degtyareva… - … Practical Conference …, 2020 - books.google.com | The article analyzes current trends in the development of the Russian economy in the  context of globalization and the comprehensive penetration of information technologies into  all spheres of economic relations; explores terminological approaches; identifies peculiar …
Energy storage key performance indicators for building application | C Del Pero, N Aste, H Paksoy, F Haghighat… - Sustainable cities and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … This section presents a set of simplified KPIs aimed at assessing energy storage technologies  to be applied at building scale. These are basic indices that allow comparison of the storage  technologies at the decision-making and design phase and during the monitoring phase. …
Mechanisms for integrated feature normalization and remaining useful life estimation using lstms applied to hard-disks | S Basak, S Sengupta, A Dubey - … IEEE International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper we focus on application of data-driven methods for remaining useful life estimation  in components where past failure data is not uniform across devices, ie there is a high variance  in the minimum and maximum value of the key parameters. The system under study is …
A review of multi-criteria decision making approaches for evaluating energy storage systems for grid applications | M Baumann, M Weil, JF Peters… - … and Sustainable Energy …, 2019 - Elsevier | … This work aims to provide an in-depth view of existing MCDA literature related to energy  storage technologies to support decision making. … The article is structured as follows: Section  2 provides an overview of energy storage technologies, MCDA and MADM methods available …
Optimal design of multi-energy systems with seasonal storage | P Gabrielli, M Gazzani, E Martelli, M Mazzotti - Applied Energy, 2018 - Elsevier | … with renewable energy sources and storage technologies. For instance, … storage  technologies are available, the optimal design of MES is significantly complicated by the necessity  to consider the system operation already at design phase to accurately make use of the storage …
Heterogeneous edge computing open platforms and tools for internet of things | H Ning, Y Li, F Shi, LT Yang - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2020 - Elsevier | … technologies of constructing edge computing platform, and propose a framework of edge  computing platforms. The role of distributed storage … Furthermore, we discuss distributed  storage management systems serve as core functional modules in edge computing platform …
Performance modeling and techno-economic analysis of a modular concentrated solar power tower with latent heat storage | JE Rea, CJ Oshman, ML Olsen, CL Hardin… - Applied energy, 2018 - Elsevier | … new, innovative energy storage technologies to grow and make an impact on the future grid.  … To compare to other technologies, we used several other sources of data. For natural gas, …  the Path to Sunshot” SAM file, but modified the hours of storage and restricted dispatch in the …
A survey on automated log analysis for reliability engineering | S He, P He, Z Chen, T Yang, Y Su, MR Lyu - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Hence, to precisely collect the set of papers of our interest, we mainly focused on regular  papers published in top venues (ie, conferences and journals) of relevant domains, including  ICSE, FSE, ASE, TSE, TOSEM, EMSE, SOSP, OSDI, ATC, NSDI, TDSC, DSN, ASPLOS, and …
Assessment of a cost-optimal power system fully based on renewable energy for Iran by 2050–Achieving zero greenhouse gas emissions and overcoming the water … | N Ghorbani, A Aghahosseini, C Breyer - Renewable Energy, 2020 - Elsevier | … storage technologies and Capacity is installed capacity of storage technologies and is  expressed in MW.(3.6) L C O T r = T o t a l C o s t t r a n s m i s s i o n ⋅ s h a r e r E d e m a n d ,  r + E e x p o r t , r − E i m p o r t , r (3.7) T o t a l C o s t t r a n s m i s s i o n = ∑ l = 1 l i n e s ( C a …
Flatflash: Exploiting the byte-accessibility of ssds within a unified memory-storage hierarchy | A Abulila, VS Mailthody, Z Qureshi, J Huang… - … Conference on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Furthermore, to preserve the persistent nature of SSDs in the unified memory-storage  hierarchy, we propose bytegranular data … file systems and transactional databases, we  demonstrate the benefits of this new feature and its impact on the design primitives of storage …
CovidSens: a vision on reliable social sensing for COVID-19 | MT Rashid, D Wang - Artificial intelligence review, 2021 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the seventh international conference on information and communication  technologies and development. pp 1–5 … In: Proceedings of the conference on empirical  methods in natural language processing. conference on empirical methods in natural language …
A comprehensive review of thermal energy storage | I Sarbu, C Sebarchievici - Sustainability, 2018 - mdpi.com | … Consequently, thermal storage found use in solar-assisted thermal systems [10]. Since  then, studying thermal energy storage technologies as well as the usability and effects of both  sensible and latent heat storage in numerous applications increased, leading to a number of …
Model and architecture for virtual library information system | B Rusyn, V Vysotska, L Pohreliuk - … Information Technologies  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | An overview of the features of the design and development of the Virtual Library information  system was conducted. A new approach is proposed for designing and developing the Virtual  Library information system for preservation and development of e-books in the format of …
Pathways to a fully sustainable electricity supply for Nigeria in the mid-term future | AS Oyewo, A Aghahosseini, D Bogdanov… - Energy Conversion and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … The results clearly reveal that integrating a renewable energy technology mix with a wide  variety of storage technologies is the most competitive and least cost electricity option for  Nigeria in the mid-term future, as indicated by the Best Policy Scenario. In particular, the …
Urban data management system: Towards Big Data analytics for Internet of Things based smart urban environment using customized Hadoop | M Babar, F Arif, MA Jan, Z Tan, F Khan - Future Generation Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … He has published his research in top ranked Elsevier, IEEE Transactions and Conference  in these areas of research. He has been … He was the Chair of international workshops and  conferences, such as SECSOC, SITN, EAI Future 5V, and EAI BD:TA 2018. He serves on …
A novel EMR integrity management based on a medical blockchain platform in hospital | L Hang, E Choi, DH Kim - Electronics, 2019 - mdpi.com | … storage technologies, and different identity management protocols are supported. The  consensus manager provides the interface through which departments can connect to the  subnetwork and is responsible for the order of transactions and whether to insert into the final block. …
Implementation of cloud service models in training of future information technology specialists | O Markova, S Semerikov, A Striuk, H Shalatska… - 2019 - ds.knu.edu.ua | … technologies in training by employees of joint research laboratory “Сloud technologies in …  in 2009-2018: cloud learning technologies, cloud technologies of blended learning, cloud-…  The most significant advantages of using cloud technologies in training of future information …
Approxiot: Approximate analytics for edge computing | Z Wen, P Bhatotia, R Chen, M Lee - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | IoT-enabled devices continue to generate a massive amount of data. Transforming this  continuously arriving raw data into timely insights is critical for many modern online services.  For such settings, the traditional form of data analytics over the entire dataset would be …
A survey on the scalability of blockchain systems | J Xie, FR Yu, T Huang, R Xie, J Liu, Y Liu - IEEE Network, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … He has published more than 30 journal and conference papers. He has served on the Technical  Program Committees (TPCs) of Chinacom 2016 and the 2012 IEEE Vehicular Technology  Conference (VTC)-Spring. He has also served for several journals and conferences as a …
Squerall: Virtual ontology-based access to heterogeneous and large data sources | MN Mami, D Graux, S Scerri, H Jabeen, S Auer… - … Web Conference, 2019 - Springer | The last two decades witnessed a remarkable evolution in terms of data formats, modalities,  and storage capabilities. Instead of having to adapt one’s application needs to the, earlier  limited, available storage options, today there is a wide array of options to choose from to best …
Knowledge blockchains: Applying blockchain technologies to enterprise modeling | HG Fill, F Härer - … Conference on System Sciences, 2018 - scholarspace.manoa.hawaii.edu | … manner by reverting to distributed computing and cryptographic technologies. The primary  purpose is to keep track of the ownership of tangible and intangible assets. In the paper at  hand we apply these concepts and technologies to the domain of knowledge management. …
Practice of streaming and dynamic graphs: Concepts, models, systems, and parallelism | M Besta, M Fischer, V Kalavri… - Computing …, 2020 - research-collection.ethz.ch | Graph processing has become an important part of various areas of computing, including  machine learning, medical applications, social network analysis, computational sciences, and  others. A growing amount of the associated graph processing workloads are dynamic, with …
Service fabric: a distributed platform for building microservices in the cloud | G Kakivaya, L Xun, R Hasha, SB Ahsan… - … EuroSys conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the Thirteenth EuroSys Conference: Service fabric: a distributed platform for …  Self-sufficiency, meaning no external dependencies on external systems or storage. … A key  difference between storage systems built using SF APIs (eg, Reliable Collections) and other …
Job creation during the global energy transition towards 100% renewable power system by 2050 | M Ram, A Aghahosseini, C Breyer - Technological Forecasting and Social …, 2020 - Elsevier | … Moreover, this research is the first to estimate potential job creation by the various storage  technologies during the energy transition on a global basis. This is primarily due to the innovative  aspects of the LUT Energy System Transition modelling tool (Breyer et al., 2017b; Ram et …
Energy storage race: has the monopoly of pumped-storage in Europe come to an end? | L Gaudard, K Madani - Energy policy, 2019 - Elsevier | … We also compute the Present Analysis and Modified Internal Rate of Return (MIRR) of the  most common bulk storage technologies in … This paper provided an overview of the current  economic situation of storage technologies in Europe by looking at their revenue and profitability…
The role of structured and unstructured data managing mechanisms in the Internet of things | P Azad, NJ Navimipour, AM Rahmani, A Sharifi - Cluster computing, 2020 - Springer | … In Stage 3, 156 articles which are conference or review article and published before 2012  were excluded. In the end, the proposed method … The need of a hybrid storage approach for  iot in paas cloud federation. Paper presented at the 28th international conference on advanced …
Putting the" micro" back in microservice | S Boucher, A Kalia, DG Andersen… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Decreasing network latencies will push these services to respond faster as well, and new  stable storage technologies such as 3D XPoint (projected to offer submicrosecond reads and  writes) will further accelerate this trend by offering lower-latency storage. In this paper, we …
Primary metabolism in fresh fruits during storage | S Brizzolara, GA Manganaris, V Fotopoulos… - Frontiers in plant …, 2020 - frontiersin.org | … Successful application of these storage technologies to fruits must consider their effects on  the metabolism of carbohydrates, organic acids… Storage technologies have profound effects  on primary metabolism with marked consequences on the composition and the overall flavor …
A survey of data partitioning and sampling methods to support big data analysis | MS Mahmud, JZ Huang, S Salloum… - Big Data Mining and …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … When importing a big data file into HDFS, the file is sequentially divided into small blocks of a  fixed storage size determined with byte range… Huang has published over 200 research  papers in conferences and journals. In 2006, he received the most influential paper award in the …
Vlog: A rule engine for knowledge graphs | D Carral, I Dragoste, L González, C Jacobs… - … Web Conference, 2019 - Springer | … We address the former with a novel vertical storage layout, and the latter by abstracting  the access to data sources and providing a platform-independent Java API. Features of VLog  include fast Datalog materialisation, support for reasoning with existential rules, stratified …
ADIOS 2: The Adaptable Input Output System. A framework for high-performance data management | WF Godoy, N Podhorszki, R Wang, C Atkins… - SoftwareX, 2020 - Elsevier | … In: 2018 IEEE 38th international conference on distributed computing systems. 2018, p.  1357–68. … On the role of burst buffers in leadership-class storage systems. In: 012 IEEE  28th symposium on mass storage systems and technologies. 2012, p. 1–11. …
Transition towards 100% renewable power and heat supply for energy intensive economies and severe continental climate conditions: Case for Kazakhstan | D Bogdanov, A Toktarova, C Breyer - Applied Energy, 2019 - Elsevier | … For 2020, thermal energy storage is the only economically feasible solution, with the  growth of RE shares in the system and cost decrease of storage technologies other types of  storage appear. The most important role is played by short-term Li-ion battery …
Stakeholder management: An approach in CCS projects | A Ilinova, A Cherepovitsyn, O Evseeva - Resources, 2018 - mdpi.com | … One of the promising ways of reducing greenhouse gas emission is through Carbon Capture  and Storage technologies (CCS) [9]. They are … carbon capture and storage technologies. In  Proceedings of the 8th International Conference on Greenhouse Gas Control Technologies, …
Big data and cloud computing | Y Li, M Yu, M Xu, J Yang, D Sha, Q Liu… - Manual of Digital …, 2020 - library.oapen.org | … in integrating advanced data storage technologies with big Earth data storage, as general  distributed file systems such … technologies for smart city services and applications. In: 2012  sixth International conference on next generation mobile applications, services and technologies…
Characterizing 3D floating gate NAND flash: Observations, analyses, and implications | Q Xiong, F Wu, Z Lu, Y Zhu, Y Zhou, Y Chu… - … on Storage (TOS), 2018 - dl.acm.org | As both NAND flash memory manufacturers and users are turning their attentions from planar  architecture towards three-dimensional (3D) architecture, it becomes critical and urgent to  understand the characteristics of 3D NAND flash memory. These characteristics, especially …
Hashkv: Enabling efficient updates in {KV} storage via hashing | HHW Chan, CJM Liang, Y Li, W He, PPC Lee… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … As high-performance networking and storage devices are used pervasively to process this  data in frameworks like Spark and Hadoop, we observe that none of the popular file formats  are capable of delivering data access rates close to the hardware. Our analysis suggests that …
Energy and cost analysis of a new packed bed pumped thermal electricity storage unit | A Benato, A Stoppato - Journal of Energy Resources …, 2018 - asmedigitalcollection.asme.org | … , a brief overview of the large-scale energy storage technologies is presented, while the new  PTES scheme and its mathematical model … are commercially available large-scale electricity  storage technologies, while hydrogen storage and PTES are emerging large-scale ESS. …
A social cost benefit analysis of grid-scale electrical energy storage projects: A case study | AS Sidhu, MG Pollitt, KL Anaya - Applied energy, 2018 - Elsevier | … hydro storage is among the most mature and cheapest storage technologies for short-term  and long-term storage [16], battery storage is the … [23] evaluate the economics of two different  battery energy storage technologies (Sodium-Sulfur and Lithium-ion) for energy arbitrage in …
Balmorel open source energy system model | F Wiese, R Bramstoft, H Koduvere, AP Alonso… - Energy Strategy …, 2018 - Elsevier | … The operation of storage technologies is assessed between Terms. … The bottom-up  representation of the supply side makes it suitable for analyses of energy markets consisting  of various production and storage technologies. Furthermore, it allows for modelling of elastic …
Digital technologies in agriculture and rural areas: status report. | M Trendov, S Varas, M Zeng - … technologies in agriculture and rural …, 2019 - cabdirect.org | … Conference paper Conference proceedings … Finally, case study evidence is used to  show the impact of digital technologies on agrifood systems. …
Applications of power to gas technologies in emerging electrical systems | A Mazza, E Bompard, G Chicco - Renewable and Sustainable Energy …, 2018 - Elsevier | … In this way, P2G is used as a multi-energy storage … storage technologies is necessary.  This comparison should not be based only on the total costs necessary to provide the electricity  storage service; in this case, P2G would not be competitive with other storage technologies, …
Taming performance variability | A Maricq, D Duplyakin, I Jimenez, C Maltzahn… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Storage We test storage by using fio [3] to issue direct 4KB asynchronous I/O requests to  target raw block devices. For the boot device, we run fio on the partition of that device  containing the remaining empty space. Otherwise, we run fio on the entire device. …
A novel cluster computing technique based on signal clustering and analytic hierarchy model using hadoop | W Huang, H Wang, Y Zhang, S Zhang - Cluster Computing, 2019 - Springer | … These big data are primarily generated and a cloud computing provides an optimal solution  for the data storage. The availability of automated tools in big data technologies makes it  much easier to meet the organization needs in cloud computing. This provides security and …
Long-run power storage requirements for high shares of renewables: Results and sensitivities | WP Schill, A Zerrahn - Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews, 2018 - Elsevier | … storage technologies are available, we observe a massive deployment of lead acid batteries,  which causes a full substitution of lithium-ion batteries as well as—in the 100% case—long-term  storage… single storage technologies, we conclude that pumped-hydro storage would …
Towards privacy preserving iot environments: a survey | M Seliem, K Elgazzar, K Khalil - Wireless Communications and Mobile …, 2018 - hindawi.com | The Internet of Things (IoT) is a network of Internet-enabled devices that can sense,  communicate, and react to changes in their environment. Billions of these computing devices are  connected to the Internet to exchange data between themselves and/or their infrastructure. IoT …
Real-time processing of big data streams: Lifecycle, tools, tasks, and challenges | F Gürcan, M Berigel - … Studies and Innovative Technologies  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … the traditional data capture and storage methodologies, data access systems, and data-driven  implementations. Because existing storage technologies cannot provide to necessary  performance in terms of realtime data collection, processing, and storage. Big data processing …
RELOAD+ REFRESH: Abusing cache replacement policies to perform stealthy cache attacks | S Briongos, P Malagón, JM Moya… - 29th {USENIX} Security …, 2020 - usenix.org | Caches have become the prime method for unintended information extraction across logical  isolation boundaries. They are widely available on all major CPU platforms and, as a side  channel, caches provide great resolution, making them the most convenient channel for …
Real-time carbon accounting method for the European electricity markets | B Tranberg, O Corradi, B Lajoie, T Gibon, I Staffell… - Energy Strategy …, 2019 - Elsevier | … transmission network usage [22,23], a generalization that allows associating power flows  on the grid to specific regions or generation technologies [24], creating a flow-based nodal  levelized cost of electricity [25], and analyzing the usage of different storage technologies [26]. …
System integration is a necessity for sustainable development | K Urbaniec, H Mikulčić, Y Wang, N Duić - Journal of Cleaner Production, 2018 - Elsevier | … The two conferences covered … Conferences 24 were selected for this Journal of Cleaner  Production (JCLEPRO) VSI. As a results of a successful cooperation between the JCLEPRO  and the SDEWES Conference series, this VSI is a sequel of previous SDEWES Conferences …
Big Data technologies: A survey | A Oussous, FZ Benjelloun, AA Lahcen… - Journal of King Saud …, 2018 - Elsevier | … As a result, various types of distributions and technologies have been developed. This paper  is a review that survey recent technologies developed for Big Data. It aims to help to select and  adopt … Spark is able to work with all files storage systems that are supported by Hadoop. …
Carbon dioxide direct air capture for effective climate change mitigation based on renewable electricity: a new type of energy system sector coupling | C Breyer, M Fasihi, A Aghahosseini - Mitigation and Adaptation Strategies …, 2020 - Springer | … generation, energy storage, energy sector bridging and electrical power transmission. All  technologies work in a chain to balance the energy system for every hour of a year. A list of  RE technologies for electricity generation, energy storage technologies and transmission …
Big data analytics | BN Silva, M Diyan, K Han - Deep Learning: Convergence to Big Data …, 2019 - Springer | … , in future, these technologies might not be sufficient to manipulate high-velocity BD. Hence,  focusing on sophisticated processing techniques and storage technologies such as … In: 2013  international conference on collaboration technologies and systems (CTS). IEEE, pp 42–47 …
A data storage method based on blockchain for decentralization DNS | J Liu, B Li, L Chen, M Hou, F Xiang… - … Conference on Data …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … By implementing three applications on ForkBase, we prove that our storage can easily  express application … data storage, we design a decentralization resolution data storage model,  and implement the a blockchain-based decentralization domain name resolution data storage …
Neugraph: parallel deep neural network computation on large graphs | L Ma, Z Yang, Y Miao, J Xue, M Wu, L Zhou… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … paper is included in the Proceedings of the 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference. …  Open access to the Proceedings of the 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference is … In  Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies, FAST’15, pages …
Understanding metal synergy in heterodinuclear catalysts for the copolymerization of CO 2 and epoxides | AC Deacy, AFR Kilpatrick, A Regoutz, CK Williams - Nature chemistry, 2020 - nature.com | … Given the value of the polymer products—polycarbonates or polyether carbonates—it could  provide an economic stimulus to capture and storage technologies. The process efficiency  depends upon the catalyst, and previously Zn(ii)Mg(ii) heterodinuclear catalysts showed good …
An extra-parity energy saving data layout for video surveillance | Y Xiao, Z Changyou, X Yuan, Z Hongfei… - Multimedia Tools and …, 2018 - Springer | … The advent of big data age has brought about a growing performance and scale of the storage  system, as well as huge energy consumption. Based on the sequential data storage featured  … In: Proceedings of ACM international conference on management of data, pp 109–116 …
Fog-based computing and storage offloading for data synchronization in IoT | T Wang, J Zhou, A Liu, MZA Bhuiyan… - IEEE Internet of …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … on the file, so that each word of the file corresponds to a number in GF(2ω). After the mapping  transformation, we obtain file matrix X. Then, … chair, publicity chair, TPC member, and  reviewer of international journals/conferences. He is a member of IEEE and a member of ACM. …
Large scale complementary solar and wind energy sources coupled with pumped-storage hydroelectricity for Lower Silesia (Poland) | J Jurasz, PB Dąbek, B Kaźmierczak, A Kies… - Energy, 2018 - Elsevier | … storage technologies [30,31]; investing in transnational transmission lines to exploit spatial  complementarity [32,33]; developing the concept of vehicle-to-grid (V2G), where electric cars  act as mobile battery banks [34,35]; exploiting the potential of switchable load and demand …
Didacache: an integration of device and application for flash-based key-value caching | Z Shen, F Chen, Y Jia, Z Shao - ACM Transactions on Storage (TOS), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In this article, we advocate to reconsider the cache system design and directly open device-level  details of the underlying flash storage for … A preliminary version of this work appeared in  the Proceedings of the 15th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies (FAST …
Error-controlled lossy compression optimized for high compression ratios of scientific datasets | X Liang, S Di, D Tao, S Li, S Li, H Guo… - … Conference on Big …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Today's scientific simulations require a significant reduction of the data size because of  extremely large volumes of data they produce and the limitation of storage bandwidth and space.  If the compression is set to reach a high compression ratio, however, the reconstructed data …
Towards a remote monitoring of patient vital signs based on IoT-based blockchain integrity management platforms in smart hospitals | F Jamil, S Ahmad, N Iqbal, DH Kim - Sensors, 2020 - mdpi.com | … Hence, the couch database is deployed on each peer to provide file storage across the entire  blockchain system. Furthermore, we used a … Also, other consensus algorithms and data  storage technologies can be taken into consideration to investigate the improvements in the …
Shifting demand and supply over time and space to manage intermittent generation: The economics of electrical storage | D Newbery - Energy Policy, 2018 - Elsevier | … Finally, where there is a good case for subsidizing trials to explore the impacts of new  storage technologies or the new flexibility services they can offer (and where there is likely to  be a learning benefit of network management or regulation), there is only a very weak case for …
A comprehensive review on expansion planning: Models and tools for energy policy analysis | L Gacitua, P Gallegos, R Henriquez-Auba… - … and Sustainable Energy …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Finally, other important disruptive concept in planning energy systems is energy storage.  Energy storage technologies are already playing a very important role in many energy systems,  and their massive inclusion will result in even stronger impacts. For example, it is expected …
Estimating the cost of organic battery active materials: a case study on anthraquinone disulfonic acid | V Dieterich, JD Milshtein, JL Barton… - Translational …, 2018 - iopscience.iop.org | … Furthermore, our cost analysis proves the feasibility of ROMs at the costs necessary to  enable grid storage technologies that meet … Luo X, Wang J, Dooner M and Clarke J 2015  Overview of current development in electrical energy storage technologies and the application …
Tuning lithium-peroxide formation and decomposition routes with single-atom catalysts for lithium–oxygen batteries | LN Song, W Zhang, Y Wang, X Ge, LC Zou… - Nature …, 2020 - nature.com | … Lithium-oxygen batteries with ultrahigh energy density have received considerable attention  as of the future energy storage technologies. The development of effective electrocatalysts  and a corresponding working mechanism during cycling are critically important for lithium-…
{SONIC}: Application-aware Data Passing for Chained Serverless Applications | A Mahgoub, L Wang, K Shankar, Y Zhang… - … Technical Conference …, 2021 - s.usenix.org | … In this paper, we systematically analyze the concerns with deploying user space filesystem  to provide production file storage services. We present XFUSE, a filesystem in user space  framework that addresses the performance and RAS concerns, and that enables file storage …
A review on energy efficiency and demand response with focus on small and medium data centers | TL Vasques, P Moura, A de Almeida - Energy Efficiency, 2019 - Springer | … There is often a large data set stored in multiple storage disks in data center applications,  involving popular data, which are more frequently … recent years and large energy savings can  be achieved with the adoption of new technologies without a reduction of the reliability levels. …
Envisioned wireless big data storage for low-earth-orbit satellite-based cloud | H Huang, S Guo, K Wang - IEEE Wireless Communications, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … data storage technologies such as Hadoop DataBase (HBASE), Highly Immersive Visualization  Environment (HIVE), and Hadoop Distributed File … He has published over 300 conference  and journal papers in these areas and received multiple best paper awards from IEEE/ACM …
In-memory big data analytics under space constraints using dynamic programming | K Gai, M Qiu, M Liu, Z Xiong - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | The emergence of persistent memories has powered the data processing with the in-memory  environment and in-memory data analytics have become an advance of high-performance  data processing. Recent explorations of using in-memory technologies address the …
Privacy preserving approaches in cloud computing | K Karthiban, S Smys - 2018 2nd International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … InProceedings of the 14th ACM conference on Computer and communications security (pp.  598-609). ACM [6] Juels, A., & Kaliski Jr, BS 2007, October. PORs: Proofs of retrievability for  large files. In Proceedings of the 14th ACM conference on Computer and communications …
A review on conducting polymers-based composites for energy storage application | TO Magu, AU Agobi, L HITLER… - Journal of Chemical …, 2019 - jchemrev.com | … in energy storage field, we critically review the development of their applications and the general  design rules for energy storage devices … , and their current limitations and future potential  to advance energy storage technologies. It is expected that this review will help to improve …
A new architecture of Internet of Things and big data ecosystem for secured smart healthcare monitoring and alerting system | G Manogaran, R Varatharajan, D Lopez… - Future Generation …, 2018 - Elsevier | … MF-R architecture uses big data technologies such as Apache Pig and Apache HBase for  collection and storage of the sensor data (big … She is the author/coauthor of papers in  conferences, book chapters and journals. She serves as a reviewer in journals and conference …
Cloud technologies for STEM education | NV Valko, NO Kushnir, VV Osadchyi - 2020 - elibrary.kdpu.edu.ua | … Cloud technologies being used in STEM education for providing robotics studying are highlighted  in this article. Developing cloud robotic … The potential represented by these technologies  make them worth being shown to the majority of teachers. Benefits of cloud technologies …
Green hydrogen as feedstock: Financial analysis of a photovoltaic-powered electrolysis plant | A Nicita, G Maggio, APF Andaloro… - International Journal of …, 2020 - Elsevier | … As a consequence, energy storage systems are becoming more and more important. A  detailed analysis of the different energy storage technologies (pumped hydropower, compressed  air energy storage, batteries, etc.) is reported in … Power system energy storage technologies …
Data centric security approach: A way to achieve security & privacy in cloud computing | AS Arora, L Raja, B Bahl - … of Things and Connected Technologies …, 2018 - papers.ssrn.com | … By data-centric, we actually mean to dash data and files right from there initialization to their  destroyed state moreover even data and information are taken to be as discrete entity. This  is insightful of the very expandable environment of cloud computing (Ryan KL Ko). Even the …
Open source 3D printer: A case study | W Ahmed, H Alabdouli, H Alqaydi… - … Conference on …, 2020 - ieomsociety.org | Everyday, engineers are impressing us with innovative technologies that have brought into  reality what was recently considered as science fiction or inconceivable futuristic, making  our lives much more comfortable and more enjoyable. Recently, 3D printing helps in a far-…
Bmcprotector: A blockchain and smart contract based application for music copyright protection | S Zhao, D O'Mahony - … of the 2018 International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In Ujo, audio files and images are stored on a distributed file storage system, called the  InterPlanetary File System (IPFS) [10]. Fans can separately buy components of a song, such  as drums, vocals, bass, strings or synth. Ujo music provides a platform to access music for fans …
Technologies and infrastructures underpinning future CO2 value chains: A comprehensive review and comparative analysis | SM Jarvis, S Samsatli - Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews, 2018 - Elsevier | … for transport and storage of materials and energy are crucial elements – this paper examines  them alongside conversion technologies. This work lays a foundation for the development  of a comprehensive whole-… This section discusses the main energy storage technologies. …
Toward modeling and optimization of features selection in Big Data based social Internet of Things | A Ahmad, M Khan, A Paul, S Din, MM Rathore… - Future Generation …, 2018 - Elsevier | … He serve as a reviewer in many journals/conferences, and TPC member in various  conferences.He also received three prestigious awards… He has published more than 40 articles  in various journals and conferences. He was also a Best Research at School of Computer Science …
ICN with edge for 5G: Exploiting in-network caching in ICN-based edge computing for 5G networks | R Ullah, MAU Rehman, MA Naeem, BS Kim… - Future Generation …, 2020 - Elsevier | … For the storage of Forwarder entries, we employed a JSON file as a storage system and  LINQ-to-JSON C# library for the communication of our application with the JSON file storage.  The rationale of using JSON is: (1) it is a lightweight data interchange format; (2) it is human-…
Big data for internet of things: a survey | M Ge, H Bangui, B Buhnova - Future generation computer systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … While the paper search is not limited to specific outlets, such as certain journals or conference  proceedings, the academic disciplines of … This can be because Smart City is a new IoT  domain, thus it may have accepted more up-to-date storage technologies such as NoSQL for …
State-of-the-Art Small Spacecraft Technology | B Yost, S Weston, G Benavides, F Krage, J Hines… - 2021 - ntrs.nasa.gov | … conference papers, press releases, company website) so they can be reflected in this report.  Overall, this report is a survey of small spacecraft technologies … (Wh kg−1) when selecting  power generation and storage technologies to minimize system mass impact. The EPS volume …
Cloud-native database systems at Alibaba: Opportunities and challenges | F Li - Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … At Alibaba, we have explored a suite of technologies to design cloud-native database  systems. Our storage engine, XEngine and PolarFS, … We will report key technologies and  lessons learned to highlight the technical challenges and opportunities for cloudnative database …
IDMoB: IoT data marketplace on blockchain | KR Özyilmaz, M Doğan… - … crypto valley conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, this approach will need a secondary decentralized file storage layer. IPFS [16] …  replicated file on EOS Storage, two transactions should be processed, one for creating the file  … EOS storage mechanics will double the amount transactions needed to store the file handles. …
On-grid batteries for large-scale energy storage: Challenges and opportunities for policy and technology | TA Faunce, J Prest, D Su, SJ Hearne… - MRS Energy & …, 2018 - cambridge.org | … system would have limited capacity to respond in real time and in a coordinated fashion  to larger-scale load trends; hence, a preferred approach would be the combination of  distributed energy storage technologies with a centrally directed decision system. …
Application of quality of experience in networked services: Review, trend & perspectives | AA Laghari, H He, M Shafiq, A Khan - Systemic Practice and Action …, 2019 - Springer | … of service quality is utilized in different technologies, services and products for improving  end user satisfaction and provides quality of service (QoS) according to their demands. In this  paper, we describe the utilization of QoE in different technologies, services and products for …
Edge powered industrial control: concept for combining cloud and automation technologies | C Pallasch, S Wein, N Hoffmann… - … Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Thus, in this paper a platform concept for combining cloud technologies and industrial  control is presented. The paper is structured into five sections. Section II presents related work  in the fields of automation and control, cloud and edge computing as well as Internet of Things (…
On the technologies empowering drones for intelligent monitoring of solar photovoltaic power plants | NM Kumar, K Sudhakar, M Samykano… - Procedia computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … When we talk about the alternative energies, options are many, but all the technologies may  not viable hence a specific … the technologies behind the intelligent and automated drones  used for monitoring of photovoltaic power plants. Before going to the details of the technologies …
Real-time air pollution monitoring systems using wireless sensor networks connected in a cloud-computing, wrapped up web services | B Guanochanga, R Cachipuendo, W Fuertes… - … technologies conference, 2018 - Springer | Air pollution continues to grow at an alarming rate, decreasing the quality of life around the  world. As part of preventive measures, this paper presents the design and implementation  of a secure and low-cost real-time air pollution monitoring system. In such sense, a three-layer …
Assigning value to energy storage systems at multiple points in an electrical grid | PJ Balducci, MJE Alam, TD Hardy, D Wu - Energy & Environmental …, 2018 - pubs.rsc.org | … The State of Washington issued a policy statement on the treatment of energy storage  technologies in the integrated resource planning and resource acquisition process. The  policy statement outlined three principles for levelling the playing field for energy …
Notice of Violation of IEEE Publication Principles: State of the art and challenges facing consensus protocols on blockchain | N Chalaemwongwan… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … protocols by considering bandwidth and retrievability that can be used to repay expenses as  it proposes to decentralized file storage. … We first give an overview of blockchain technologies  including blockchain architecture, and the critical characteristics of the blockchain. We then …
Concentrating solar power technologies | MS Răboacă, G Badea, A Enache, C Filote, G Răsoi… - Energies, 2019 - mdpi.com | … Solar thermal technologies may produce electric power when they are associated with thermal  energy storage, and this may be used as a disposable source of limitless energy. Furthermore,  it can also be used in industrial processes. Using these high-tech systems in a large …
Security, cybercrime and digital forensics for IoT | HF Atlam, A Alenezi, MO Alassafi, AA Alshdadi… - Principles of internet of …, 2020 - Springer | … Data Tempering: In this attack, any person who has access to confidential storage  technologies tempers the data to gain commercial benefits. During this attack, the attacker  manipulates the data and extract confidential information from the inside [43]. …
A survey on internet of vehicles: applications, technologies, challenges and opportunities | MK Priyan, GU Devi - International Journal of Advanced …, 2019 - inderscienceonline.com | … He has published a number of international journals and conferences. … He has published a  number of international journals and conferences. He is a member of CSI and IEEE… data  generated from connected devices in internet using big data and cloud computing technologies. …
A light and secure healthcare blockchain for iot medical devices | G Srivastava, J Crichigno, S Dhar - … conference of electrical and …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 2) Cloud Storage: Instead of saving the IoT healthcare data over blockchain directly, we use  cloud storage servers to save the patient data. … In our encryption Algorithm 1, we encrypt  the data file by using the symmetric key ksym and produce a ciphertext file C. After encryption, …
Exploring energy pathways for the low-carbon transformation in India—A model-based analysis | L Lawrenz, B Xiong, L Lorenz, A Krumm, H Hosenfeld… - Energies, 2018 - mdpi.com | … Therefore, storage technologies play a significant role to compensate for fluctuating energy  generation. … Previous works of this research have been presented at various workshops and  conferences in India and across Europe. We therefore thank the conference and workshop …
A modelling tool selection process for planning of community scale energy systems including storage and demand side management | A Lyden, R Pepper, PG Tuohy - Sustainable cities and society, 2018 - Elsevier | … The paper identified the different storage technologies included in the energy tools but  did not give detail on the underlying models. While it was highlighted that grid balancing is  essential in districts utilising stochastic energy sources, the DSM and grid support modelling …
Recent security challenges in cloud computing | N Subramanian, A Jeyaraj - Computers & Electrical Engineering, 2018 - Elsevier | … Storage Service Provider (CSSP). Data authority uploads the encrypted files, and the  consumer or user of the cloud has authenticated access to the files. … Common challenges to  data recovery are OS failure, drive-level failure and deletion of file from a storage medium. These …
A systems overview of commercial data centers: initial energy and cost analysis | SK Uzaman, J Shuja, T Maqsood… - International Journal of …, 2019 - igi-global.com | Data center facilities play a vital role in present and forthcoming information and communication  technologies. Internet giants, such as IBM, Microsoft, Google, Yahoo, and Amazon hold  large data centers to provide cloud computing services and web hosting applications. Due to …
StreamBox-TZ: secure stream analytics at the edge with TrustZone | H Park, S Zhai, L Lu, FX Lin - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | While it is compelling to process large streams of IoT data on the cloud edge, doing so  exposes the data to a sophisticated, vulnerable software stack on the edge and hence security  threats. To this end, we advocate isolating the data and its computations in a trusted execution …
Proof of work without all the work | D Gupta, J Saia, M Young - … of the 19th international conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … This has signi cant environmental and economic impact that will increase as technologies  like Bitcoin become more widely used. Second, scalability: high energy consumption prevents  using current PoW approaches on the many other large open systems that also require …
Lightweight fine-grained search over encrypted data in fog computing | Y Miao, J Ma, X Liu, J Weng, H Li… - IEEE Transactions on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … computing environment and most of them still impose high computational and storage  overhead on resource-limited end users. In this paper… • Cloud service provider (CSP): CSP has  almost unlimited computation and storage capacities to undertake file remote storage tasks and …
China's carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) policy: A critical review | K Jiang, P Ashworth, S Zhang, X Liang, Y Sun… - … and Sustainable Energy …, 2020 - Elsevier | Carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS), has been deemed an essential component  for climate change mitigation and is conducive to enabling a low-carbon and sustainable  future. Since the 12th Five-year Plan, China has included this technology as part of its future …
Renewable energy storage in geological formations | F Crotogino, GS Schneider… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - journals.sagepub.com | … on compressed air, H 2 , or SNG storages is largely derived from tried and tested storage  technologies developed for the storage of natural gas. … technologies. Figure 3 provides a  general impression of the preferred areas of application of the known energy storage technologies. …
A comprehensive review of state-of-the-art concentrating solar power (CSP) technologies: Current status and research trends | MT Islam, N Huda, AB Abdullah, R Saidur - Renewable and Sustainable …, 2018 - Elsevier | … energy storage technologies such as batteries, pumped hydro, and compressed air energy  storage then levelized cost of thermal storage and … In total, we identified 114 major publication  sources (including both journals and conferences). It is found that CSP-related research are …
Are emerging technologies helping win the fight against corruption in developing countries | I Adam, M Fazekas - Pathways for …, 2018 - pathwayscommission.bsg.ox.ac.uk | … It aims to catalyse new conversations and to encourage the co-design of country-level  solutions aimed at making frontier technologies … coverage and public awareness which could  have the impact of curbing corruption (Conference for e-Democracy and Open Government, nd). …
Deployment of IoT edge and fog computing technologies to develop smart building services | FJ Ferrández-Pastor, H Mora, A Jimeno-Morenilla… - Sustainability, 2018 - mdpi.com | … This paper proposes to use the edge and fog computing paradigms deployed in Internet of  Things (IoT) technologies with two main aims: … This paper is organised as follows: Section  2 reviews smart building technologies, IoT deployment in buildings and the edge computing …
Shieldstore: Shielded in-memory key-value storage with sgx | T Kim, J Park, J Woo, S Jeon, J Huh - … Fourteenth EuroSys Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … The parent process stores the sealed meta-data on non-volatile storage as a file and waits  for the child process which stores the encrypted key-value entries. In this way, consistency  between sealed meta-data and key-value entries is maintained. To parallelize processing …
A hierarchical approach for availability and performance analysis of private cloud storage services | E Torres, G Callou, E Andrade - Computing, 2018 - Springer | … Cloud computing brings new technologies and concepts that support communication services  and data storage. Services like OneDrive, … application of private cloud storage platform in  high schools based on seafile. In: 2013 6th International conference on intelligent networks …
Sustainability-inspired cell design for a fully recyclable sodium ion battery | T Liu, Y Zhang, C Chen, Z Lin, S Zhang, J Lu - Nature communications, 2019 - nature.com | … into battery design suggests that closed-loop recycling and the reutilization of battery materials  can be achieved in next-generation energy storage technologies. … To recycle the electrolyte  and stainless steel accessories, NIBs can share the recycling technologies of LIBs 5,16 . …
Optimizing clinical use of biologics in orthopaedic surgery: consensus recommendations from the 2018 AAOS/NIH U-13 conference | CR Chu, S Rodeo, N Bhutani, LR Goodrich… - The Journal of the …, 2019 - ncbi.nlm.nih.gov | … Skin Diseases collaborator who inspired and assisted with the conference and consensus  statement development, and Erin Ransford, Manager, Research Advocacy, who assisted with  all aspects of conference development and coordination. This symposium was funded by the …
Big data analytics in industrial IoT using a concentric computing model | MH ur Rehman, E Ahmed, I Yaqoob… - IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , networking, and storage technologies that will represent a core subset of Industry 4.0  systems [1]. These key technologies in IIoT include … He has published a number of research  papers in refereed international conferences and journals. He serves as a Co-Editor in Chief for …
Optimizing generation capacities incorporating renewable energy with storage systems using genetic algorithms | F Abbas, S Habib, D Feng, Z Yan - Electronics, 2018 - mdpi.com | … In 2013, the developments in several grid storage technologies has been presented in a  report published by the US Department of energy on Grid aspects of energy storage systems  [30,31,32]. There has been a report discussing the operation and development of renewable …
Assessment of geological resource potential for compressed air energy storage in global electricity supply | A Aghahosseini, C Breyer - Energy conversion and management, 2018 - Elsevier | … The ‘net zero’ greenhouse gas emissions target around the mid-21st century agreed  upon at the Conference of the Parties (COP21) in … -scale power storage method has not  been widely applied among storage technologies except for pumped hydro energy storage (PHES). …
The virtual library system design and development | B Rusyn, V Lytvyn, V Vysotska, M Emmerich… - … Technologies, 2018 - Springer | … It defines which standards of preservation must be respected and which information  technologies (IT) are desirable to use. … Linguistic models of assistive computer  technologies for cognition and communication. In: 12th International Scientific and Technical …
Response to 'Burden of proof: A comprehensive review of the feasibility of 100% renewable-electricity systems' | TW Brown, T Bischof-Niemz, K Blok, C Breyer… - … and sustainable energy …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Compressed air energy storage, thermal storage, gas storage, hydrogen electrolysis,  methanation and fuel cells are all decades-old technologies that are well understood. (See  Section 4.1 for more on the feasibility of storage technologies.) …
On the prospects of blockchain and distributed ledger technologies for open science and academic publishing | K Janowicz, B Regalia, P Hitzler, G Mai… - Semantic …, 2018 - content.iospress.com | … As described above, the potential for distributed ledger technologies is best utilized by  taking the publishing ecosystem into account and by not merely focusing on a single journal  or conference. Hence, we will assume that multiple outlets such as journals and conference …
Data security in cloud computing using AES under HEROKU cloud | BH Lee, EK Dewi, MF Wajdi - … Communication Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Then the encrypted file is divided into several separate files. During the decoding process,  verification stages are observed first. After that, … Storage security refers security data on  storage media, which is can quick to recover. Security of data should be considered on software …
Unravelling the effect of charge dynamics at the plasmonic metal/semiconductor interface for CO2 photoreduction | L Collado, A Reynal, F Fresno, M Barawi… - Nature …, 2018 - nature.com | … Sunlight plays a critical role in the development of emerging sustainable energy conversion  and storage technologies. Light-induced CO 2 reduction by artificial photosynthesis is one  of the cornerstones to produce renewable fuels and environmentally friendly chemicals. …
SUSU supercomputer resources for industry and fundamental science | P Kostenetskiy, P Semenikhina - … Smart Industry Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … AXUS YB storage system, on the basis of which the Lustre file system … storage bottleneck is  the parallel file system Lustre, which has lower reliability and performance than the commercial  analogs. The performance of parallel storage, which is based on AXUS storage and file …
Big data challenges and opportunities in healthcare informatics and smart hospitals | MK Hassan, AI El Desouky, SM Elghamrawy… - Security in smart cities …, 2019 - Springer | … The advanced cloud technologies that are capable of handling big data give great hope for  developing smart healthcare systems that can provide innovative medical services. Building  smart Remote patient monitoring models using cloud-based technologies will preserve the …
Blockchain technology-future of IoT: including structure, limitations and various possible attacks | A Malik, S Gautam, S Abidin… - … Control Technologies  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In contrast with past, the blooming of Internet of Things is enlarging swiftly. But providing  security in IoT devices is still a challenging issue and the solution is “Blockchaln”. Blockchain  is a synthesis technology that integrates an innovative and well-built eye-sight to mould all-…
Increasing flexibility of Finnish energy systems—A review of potential technologies and means | S Paiho, H Saastamoinen, E Hakkarainen… - Sustainable cities and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … The level of maturity of storage technologies differs (OECD/IEA, 2014); many thermal storage  technologies are already in commercialization phase while many electric storage technologies  still remain in research and development or demonstration and deployment phases. …
A Creative IoT agriculture platform for cloud fog computing | TC Hsu, H Yang, YC Chung, CH Hsu - Sustainable Computing: Informatics …, 2020 - Elsevier | The innovative service process is a process that uses newly developed technologies to  improve the current service models. The study proposes a creative service process based  on the cloud computing platform of the Internet of Things and it can be used to improve the …
Metal-organic framework functionalization and design strategies for advanced electrochemical energy storage devices | AE Baumann, DA Burns, B Liu, VS Thoi - Communications Chemistry, 2019 - nature.com | … storage technologies and how MOF design strategies can overcome these challenges. We  will end our review with the emerging technologies that … benefit from these MOF attributes,  providing an instructive roadmap for future MOF research in advanced energy storage devices. …
Transition towards sustainability in agriculture and food systems: Role of information and communication technologies | H El Bilali, MS Allahyari - Information Processing in Agriculture, 2018 - Elsevier | … with other, related technologies, specifically communication technology”. Thus, ICT uses  the newest technologies to process and communicate … Global perspective for competitive  enterprise, economy and ecology – proceedings of the 16th ISPE international conference on …
A secure fish farm platform based on blockchain for agriculture data integrity | L Hang, I Ullah, DH Kim - Computers and Electronics in Agriculture, 2020 - Elsevier | … New data storage technologies are desired to deal with a large amount of agriculture data  collected from IoT devices since blockchain technology is not intended for large transaction  data payloads. Furthermore, the need for a distributed ledger type of tracking of who performed …
A review of the energy efficiency improvement in DC railway systems | M Popescu, A Bitoleanu - Energies, 2019 - mdpi.com | This study is focused on the topical issue of increasing the energy efficiency in DC railway  systems, in the context of global concerns for reducing the CO 2 emissions by minimizing  the energy consumption and energy loss. The main achievements in this complex issue are …
… Critical Analysis on Encryption Techniques used for Data Security in Cloud Computing and IOT (Internet of Things) based Smart cloud storage System: A Survey | J Patel, F Suthar, SVO Khanna - International Journal of Scientific …, 2019 - ijsrnsc.org | … from storage system and even when data transition in cloud environment, With the arrival of  4G technologies and the development of 5G technologies, … He has published more than 8  research papers in reputed international journals including conference like Springer. His main …
Securing e-health records using keyless signature infrastructure blockchain technology in the cloud | G Nagasubramanian, RK Sakthivel, R Patan… - Neural Computing and …, 2020 - Springer | … The average cost for file storage and retrieval is less for the proposed KSIBC cloud  environment than for conventional storage. Thus, the performance was improved by … In:  Proceedings of the international conference on internet of things and cloud computing. ACM, p 46 …
Encyclopedia of big data technologies | S Sakr, AY Zomaya - 2019 - opac.admin.ch | … aspects, topics, and technologies of big data including big data enabling technologies, big  data integration, big data storage and indexing, data … Professor Sakr has published more  than 100 refereed research publications in international journals and conferences such as the …
Health care and precision medicine research: analysis of a scalable data science platform | J McPadden, TJS Durant, DR Bunch, A Coppi… - Journal of medical …, 2019 - jmir.org | … We developed a Spark application in the Scala programming language to compare the  storage and analytic efficiency of 3 file formats: standard comma-separated values, Avro,  and data compressed with the Snappy codec (Google LLC). We extracted data for a 1-month …
Efficient and secure big data storage system with leakage resilience in cloud computing | Y Zhang, M Yang, D Zheng, P Lang, A Wu, C Chen - Soft Computing, 2018 - Springer | … storage based on cloud computing technologies has been widely applied, which provides a  great convenience to our daily lives. Data are outsourced to cloud system for storage … In:  2010 international conference on intelligent computing and cognitive informatics (ICICCI), IEEE, …
Blockchain-based healthcare workflow for tele-medical laboratory in federated hospital IoT clouds | A Celesti, A Ruggeri, M Fazio, A Galletta, M Villari… - Sensors, 2020 - mdpi.com | … Leveraging the recent Cloud computing and Internet of Things (IoT) technologies, this  paper aims at proposing a tele-medical laboratory service where clinical exams are performed  on patients directly in a hospital by technicians through IoT medical devices and results are …
The gCube system: delivering virtual research environments as-a-service | M Assante, L Candela, D Castelli, R Cirillo… - Future Generation …, 2019 - Elsevier | … For data storage and access, gCube offers a federation of repositories based on GeoServer  and THREDDS technologies. In essence, the … It relies on an open set of back-end technologies  for the actual storage and retrieval of the data. Because of this, the GIS Publisher Service …
Comparison of technologies for CO2 capture from cement production—Part 1: Technical evaluation | M Voldsund, SO Gardarsdottir, E De Lena… - Energies, 2019 - mdpi.com | … A technical evaluation of CO 2 capture technologies when retrofitted to a cement plant is  performed. The investigated technologies are the … All the investigated technologies perform  better than the reference both in terms of emission abatement and energy consumption. The …
New domain for promoting energy efficiency: Energy Flexible Building Cluster | I Vigna, R Pernetti, W Pasut, R Lollini - Sustainable cities and society, 2018 - Elsevier | … The instantaneous sharing of produced energy among buildings is allowed or encouraged  only in a few Member States and currently the storage technologies are too expensive for  massive application. Therefore, it is necessary to identify solutions aimed at changing the …
Effects of battery technology and load scalability on stand-alone PV/ICE hybrid micro-grid system performance | BK Das, YM Al-Abdeli, M Woolridge - Energy, 2019 - Elsevier | … Battery storage modelling In this study, three different types of battery storage technologies  are modelled (lead acid, Li-ion, and VRF). HOMER uses several equations to determine the  charge and discharge power as well as the amount of energy into, and out of, the battery …
A blockchain-based authentication and security mechanism for IoT | D Li, W Peng, W Deng, F Gai - … 27th International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The storage structure of the files in the blockchain is shown in Figure 8. First, the files are  stored as a hash value and then these hash values are combined to calculate hash and the  hash value is obtained again until a root hash value is obtained. The resulting data structure is …
Developing a government enterprise architecture framework to support the requirements of big and open linked data with the use of cloud computing | M Lnenicka, J Komarkova - International Journal of Information …, 2019 - Elsevier | … Next, search engines several times included title pages of conference proceedings, they were  … of recommendations of experts on various conferences. Authors’ previous works were …  missing or vague classification of data storage technologies and their functionalities; inadequate …
One secure data integrity verification scheme for cloud storage | Y Fan, X Lin, G Tan, Y Zhang, W Dong, J Lei - Future Generation Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … Different from the traditional storage technology (direct attached storage, redundant arrays  of independent disks, storage area network), cloud storage provides users with large storage  space and data access through independent geographical locations. Namely, cloud users …
Improved performance of binder-free zeolite Y for low-temperature sorption heat storage | A Ristić, F Fischer, A Hauer, NZ Logar - Journal of Materials Chemistry …, 2018 - pubs.rsc.org | … storage systems: latent, sensible and thermochemical heat storage technologies. ,2 Latent  heat storage uses the phase change enthalpy of phase-change materials for storage… Sensible  heat storage is based on increasing or decreasing the temperature of a high heat capacity …
A blockchain framework for patient-centered health records and exchange (HealthChain): evaluation and proof-of-concept study | RH Hylock, X Zeng - J Med Internet Res, 2019 - jmir.org | Background: Blockchain has the potential to disrupt the current modes of patient data access,  accumulation, contribution, exchange, and control. Using interoperability standards, smart  contracts, and cryptographic identities, patients can securely exchange data with providers …
Power-saving exploration for high-end ultra-slim laptop computers with miniature loop heat pipe cooling module | G Zhou, J Li, Z Jia - Applied Energy, 2019 - Elsevier | In this paper, an active air-cooling module based on a 1-mm-thick ultrathin miniature loop heat  pipe with a flat evaporator for high-end ultra-slim laptop computers is presented and studied.  Systematic experimental investigations were conducted under natural air convection and …
Enhancing sustainability and energy efficiency in smart factories: A review | Y Meng, Y Yang, H Chung, PH Lee, C Shao - Sustainability, 2018 - mdpi.com | … For the papers published within recent three years, only the literature from top journals or  conferences in the corresponding field are … summarized the current research and development  of crucial electrical energy storage technologies based on the types of energy stored [134]. …
Review on sensible thermal energy storage for industrial solar applications and sustainability aspects | B Koçak, AI Fernandez, H Paksoy - Solar Energy, 2020 - Elsevier | … According to temperature range, it can be heat storage, cold storage or both heat and cold  storage. Seasonal TES systems store heat in summer to be used in winter, or to store cold in  winter and to meet … Sensible heat storage technologies can be classified as shown in Fig. . …
Entropy-aware I/O pipelining for large-scale deep learning on HPC systems | Y Zhu, F Chowdhury, H Fu, A Moody… - 2018 IEEE 26th …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In addition, we design a portable storage interface to support efficient I/O on any underlying  storage system. We have implemented … a portable storage interface so that efficient I/O for  deep learning can be enabled across a wide variety of underlying file and storage systems. …
Cost-optimal electricity systems with increasing renewable energy penetration for islands across the globe | DM Gioutsos, K Blok, L van Velzen, S Moorman - Applied energy, 2018 - Elsevier | … The storage technologies can only provide electricity to within their own defined limits, detailed  ahead in this section. In the case that the … , not considering the current installed capacities  of generation and storage technologies already on the islands. This was done since the …
Classification of existing virtualization methods used in telecommunication networks | D Ageyev, O Bondarenko, T Radivilova… - … and Technologies  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … These technologies have proven themselves to solve problems associated with increasing  the utilization of physical computing or network … of storage virtualization: ● Metadata. As  one virtual storage can reside on multiple physical media, you must store the service files to …
Web Resource Changes Monitoring System Development. | L Chyrun, Y Burov, B Rusyn, L Pohreliuk, O Oleshek… - MoMLeT, 2019 - ceur-ws.org | … The ability of two or more users working with the same files is a useful feature. This is provided  by creating local copies of the original … In: the 24th ACM SIGPLAN conference companion  on Object oriented programming systems languages and applications, 627-634. (2009). 4. …
Container orchestration: A survey | E Casalicchio - Systems Modeling: Methodologies and Tools, 2019 - Springer | … This work is a survey of the state of the art in container orchestration technologies. To the best of  our knowledge there is no similar … What emerges from our study is that: container technologies  are used not only in enterprise applications but also in big data analytics, IoT, fog, and …
The role that battery and water storage play in Saudi Arabia's transition to an integrated 100% renewable energy power system | U Caldera, C Breyer - Journal of Energy Storage, 2018 - Elsevier | … [2] provides an overview of the current storage technologies and explains that pumped hydro  storage (PHS) accounts for 99% of the global storage capacities. However, with improved  power to energy ratios, Lithium-ion batteries are currently experiencing by far the fastest …
Role of big data in Internet of Things networks | V Saravanan, F Hussain… - Research Anthology on Big …, 2022 - igi-global.com | … The HDFS is a distributed file storage system. The development of the HDFS was motivated  by the issue of data locality. Locality refers to the scenario where the data to be processed is  not located at the same node that processes it, leading to a decrease in parallel processing …
A survey on smart grid technologies and applications | G Dileep - Renewable Energy, 2020 - Elsevier | … In this paper, a survey on various Smart Grid enabling technologies, Smart Grid metering and  communication, cloud computing in Smart … Energy storage technologies include flow  batteries, ultra-capacitors, flywheels, pumped-hydro, super-conducting magnetic energy storage …
Hydrogen is essential for sustainability | A Saeedmanesh, MA Mac Kinnon, J Brouwer - Current Opinion in …, 2018 - Elsevier | … it is clear that massive and seasonal energy storage is required. Options for storage  technologies are also presented in Figure 4 showing that both the power and energy capacity of  hydrogen energy storage in current gas infrastructure (pipelines and storage facilities) is the only …
A case for integrated data processing in large-scale cyber-physical systems | R Glebke, M Henze, K Wehrle… - … Conference on …, 2019 - scholarspace.manoa.hawaii.edu | … Operating more than one line will hence quickly overload most current network and storage  technologies, and the pressure will become even more pronounced with larger manufacturing  lines or additional data sources. Due to limitations in the built-in logic of the field-level …
Thermal and economic evaluation of thermocline combined sensible-latent heat thermal energy storage system for medium temperature applications | N Ahmed, KE Elfeky, L Lu, QW Wang - Energy Conversion and …, 2019 - Elsevier | … framework of storage in defined applications to identify the minimum costs per unit associated  with the leading storage technologies, and … However, the advancement in thermal storage  technologies face two major barriers to the market entry, ie, process integration of TES with …
Phase change materials for building applications: A thorough review and new perspectives | A Madad, T Mouhib, A Mouhsen - Buildings, 2018 - mdpi.com | … The purpose of this paper is to provide a comprehensive report on the state of the art on  the technologies used in the modeling of energy storage systems by latent heat in buildings,  and draw lines on perspectives on the technology evolution in this sector. In the first part, the …
PMTest: A fast and flexible testing framework for persistent memory programs | S Liu, Y Wei, J Zhao, A Kolli, S Khan - … -Fourth International Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Recent non-volatile memory technologies such as 3D XPoint and NVDIMMs have enabled  persistent memory (PM) systems that can … technologies offer the persistence of disks combined  with performance close to that of DRAM, blurring the divide between memory and storage …
Characteristics and analysis of hadoop distributed systems | SRM Zeebaree, HM Shukur, LM Haji… - … Reports of Kansai …, 2020 - researchgate.net | … Hadoop consists of individual NameNode, which manages the file system, and DataNode,  which manages storage of data on each node. The whole elements of HDFS combined together  support large data applications [19]. The HDFS has many features, it faults tolerant in high …
Espresso: Brewing java for more non-volatility with non-volatile memory | M Wu, Z Zhao, H Li, H Li, H Chen, B Zang… - … International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Fast, byte-addressable non-volatile memory (NVM) embraces both near-DRAM latency and  disk-like persistence, which has generated considerable interests to revolutionize system  software stack and programming models. However, it is less understood how NVM can be …
Smart farm monitoring via the Blynk IoT platform: case study: humidity monitoring and data recording | P Serikul, N Nakpong… - … Conference on ICT and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … example, reducing the size of smart capsules so as to increase space for paddy storage,  installing a humidity meter outside a paddy bag for easier installation and removal, and applying  communication technologies that are more compatible with IoT, such as LoRa and NB-IoT. …
A performance exploration of architectural options for a middleware for decentralised lightweight edge cloud architectures | D von Leon, L Miori, J Sanin… - … Conference on …, 2018 - unibz.esploro.exlibrisgroup.com | The integration of Cloud and IoT (Internet-of-Things) resulting in so-called edge clouds has  started. This requires the combination of data centre management technologies with much  more constrained devices. Lightweight virtualisation solutions such as containerisation can be …
Capacity value of energy storage in distribution networks | I Konstantelos, G Strbac - Journal of Energy Storage, 2018 - Elsevier | Security of supply in electricity distribution networks has been traditionally delivered by  conventional assets such as transformers and circuits to supply energy to consumers. Although  non-network solutions, such as energy storage (ES), can also be used to provide security of …
Energy system pathways with low environmental impacts and limited costs: Minimizing climate change impacts produces environmental cobenefits and challenges in … | L Vandepaer, E Panos, C Bauer… - Environmental science & …, 2020 - ACS Publications | … than 300 technologies obtain an LCA indicator, comprising the electricity and heating  production processes, the transport services, the storage technologies, and the production of  synthetic fuels and biofuels. We do not achieve a full one-to-one match of all the technologies …
An investigation on adaptive HTTP media streaming Quality-of-Experience (QoE) and agility using cloud media services | S Kesavan, E Saravana Kumar, A Kumar… - … Journal of Computers …, 2021 - Taylor & Francis | … He involved in design and development of many state-of-art next-generation IoT, Cloud  and mobile technologies. He has published multiple papers in reputed international journals  and conferences. His research interests include next generation IoT architecture, digital …
A predictive control strategy for optimal management of peak load, thermal comfort, energy storage and renewables in multi-zone buildings | E Biyik, A Kahraman - Journal of building engineering, 2019 - Elsevier | … Increasing flexibility of the building energy demand depends on multiple developments [4],  including efficient operation of the HVAC system, incorporation of renewable energy sources  such as solar and wind power, and integration of suitable energy storage technologies (eg …
A new layered architecture for future big data-driven smart homes | G Mokhtari, A Anvari-Moghaddam, Q Zhang - Ieee Access, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In order to deal with the issues regarding data warehousing, distributed file storage and  processing platforms such as Hadoop was proposed. Hadoop is an open access solution  proposed by Doug Cutting and his colleague Mike Cafrella in 2005 [5]. The main objective of …
Analytics for the internet of things: A survey | E Siow, T Tiropanis, W Hall - ACM computing surveys (CSUR), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Next, we employed an approach of identifying relevant articles through search on the Web  of Science platform that indexed an extensive list of multi-disciplinary journals and conferences  across multiple databases. The search criteria included the keywords “big data” or “…
Sustainability guardrails for energy scenarios of the global energy transition | M Child, O Koskinen, L Linnanen, C Breyer - Renewable and Sustainable …, 2018 - Elsevier | … and storage technologies that ultimately give rise to a form of final energy that can be  supplied to end-users. On the demand side, end-users employ technologies to … In 2010, the  UN conference of parties agreed to bring the rate of loss of natural habitats close to zero, set a …
File systems unfit as distributed storage backends: lessons from 10 years of Ceph evolution | A Aghayev, S Weil, M Kuchnik, M Nelson… - Proceedings of the 27th …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … This section aims to highlight the role of distributed storage backends and the features that  are essential for building an efficient distributed file system (§ 2.1). We provide a brief overview  of Ceph’s architecture (§ 2.2) and the evolution of Ceph’s storage backend over the last …
Research trend of the application of information technologies in construction and demolition waste management | CZ Li, Y Zhao, B Xiao, B Yu, VWY Tam, Z Chen… - Journal of Cleaner …, 2020 - Elsevier | … However, a systematic summary on the research development in information technologies used  in C&D waste management discipline is … in C&D waste management and different technologies.  Eight categories of present advanced technologies used in C&D waste management …
Net-zero emissions energy systems | SJ Davis, NS Lewis, M Shaner, S Aggarwal… - …, 2018 - science.sciencemag.org | … Energy storage Reliable electricity could also be achieved through energy storage  technologies. The value of today’s energy storage is currently greatest when frequent cycling is  required, such as for minute-to-minute frequency regulation or price arbitrage (72). Cost-effectively …
Global resource potential of seasonal pumped hydropower storage for energy and water storage | JD Hunt, E Byers, Y Wada, S Parkinson… - Nature …, 2020 - nature.com | … Whilst a number of energy storage technologies are being developed to manage electricity  grids, most technologies only fulfil short-term cycles (daily or shorter). Pumped hydropower  storage (PHS) systems are currently the most mature and widespread method for large-scale …
Big spatial vector data management: a review | X Yao, G Li - Big Earth Data, 2018 - Taylor & Francis | … but also a global view of main spatial technologies of BSVD, including data storage and  organization, spatial index, processing methods, … Paper presented at the Proceedings of the  21st ACM international conference on Information and knowledge management, Maui, Hawaii, …
Towards sustainable industrialization using big data and internet of things | V Suma - Journal of ISMAC, 2019 - irojournals.com | … technologies have evolved independently they have become interrelated over the period of  … performance analysis of the combining the two technologies to have sustainability in the …  things processing all the gathered data’s and storing them using different storage technologies…
A comprehensive survey of services provided by prevalent cloud computing environments | N Joshi, S Shah - Smart intelligent computing and applications, 2019 - Springer | … Another storage type is object storage which stores data as of particular type like a file and  … ’s cloud storage, or OpenStack’s [16] swift are some of the examples of object storage. Some  … SAN-based block storage as well as NAS-based file system-based storage capabilities. …
Trade-offs between geographic scale, cost, and infrastructure requirements for fully renewable electricity in Europe | T Tröndle, J Lilliestam, S Marelli, S Pfenninger - Joule, 2020 - Elsevier | … We consider the deployment of renewable electricity supply and storage technologies at  each node, and the deployment of transmission links between nodes, but disregard subordinate  network nodes and power flows on the distribution system. We do not consider current …
Air pollution monitoring and prediction using IoT | TW Ayele, R Mehta - … and computational technologies (ICICCT), 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … management used as a mediator to the storage to retrieve and delivery information. Machine  … BaiXinxin, Yin Wenjun, Don Jin Conference/journal – IEEE conference, 2015 In this paper  the … Deepak Mehetre Conference/journal – IEEE International Conference, 2015 In this paper …
Big data analytics for healthcare industry: impact, applications, and tools | S Kumar, M Singh - Big data mining and analytics, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … and offers the features easy data extraction, transformation, and access to the HDFS  comprising data files or other HBase storage system[33]. … HBase provides parallel data storage  via the underlying distributed file systems across commodity servers. The file system of choice is …
From demand response to integrated demand response: Review and prospect of research and application | W Huang, N Zhang, C Kang, M Li, M Huo - Protection and Control of …, 2019 - Springer | … , heat and cooling, more energy conversion and storage devices and technologies can be  considered and more flexible resources can be … In 2015 IEEE 5th international conference  on power engineering, Energy and electrical drives (POWERENG) (pp. 366–371). Riga: IEEE. …
Design scheme of copyright management system based on digital watermarking and blockchain | Z Meng, T Morizumi, S Miyata… - … Applications Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In the future, it can be expanded to audio, video and other multimedia file types to form  multiple types of copyright management system. Moreover, these technologies mentioned in  this paper are still in a period of rapid development. It can believe that in the future, theoretical …
Local electricity market designs for peer-to-peer trading: The role of battery flexibility | A Lüth, JM Zepter, PC del Granado, R Egging - Applied energy, 2018 - Elsevier | … Today, a similar narrative is starting to take place for electrical vehicles, batteries and other  storage technologies. Batteries are a long-sought technology to increase the flexibility of  supply-demand operations and are potentially a key technology in the EU energy transition [2]. …
High density DNA data storage library via dehydration with digital microfluidic retrieval | S Newman, AP Stephenson, M Willsey… - Nature …, 2019 - nature.com | … We propose the storage of dehydrated DNA spots on glass as an approach for scalable DNA  data storage. The dried spots can then be … of data using today’s DNA storage techniques.  We report successful storage, retrieval, and decoding of DNA files of various sizes using this …
Using data mining techniques to improve replica management in cloud environment | N Mansouri, MM Javidi, B Mohammad Hasani Zade - Soft Computing, 2020 - Springer | … In high number of files and file size, the proposed method achieves lower storage usage  in comparison with DPRS since it deletes … in cloud environment for secure data storage. In:  International conference on computing technologies and intelligent data engineering (ICCTIDE) …
A survey on resource management in IoT operating systems | A Musaddiq, YB Zikria, O Hahm, H Yu, AK Bashir… - IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Not all IoT devices have storage like flash memory. Therefore, an appropriate file system is  required to provide storage needs for some applications. The file system needs to efficiently  map the data into sectors to make writing and reading of data more efficient. Therefore, an OS …
Supporting smart construction with dependable edge computing infrastructures and applications | P Kochovski, V Stankovski - Automation in Construction, 2018 - Elsevier | … : (1) A construction site engineer wants to start a video conference or upload a file,  therefore he sends an HTTP request to the Web server. (2) The Web server forwards the user  IP to the decision making component. (3) The decision making component evaluates the QoS …
Architecture of system for content integration and formation based on cryptographic consumer needs | V Lytvyn, V Kuchkovskiy, V Vysotska… - … Technologies (CSIT), 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | System of integration and content formation taking into account the cryptocurrency consumer  needs imports courses from cryptocurrency trading exchanges and exchangers. The method  is based on the algorithms of forecasting and constructing of the corresponding graphs. It …
Digital economy. IT strategy of the company development | AD Borremans, IM Zaychenko… - … Web of Conferences, 2018 - matec-conferences.org | … The digital economy is an activity directly related to the development of digital technologies,  … and actual application of digital technologies for the collection, storage, processing, … on  the use of digital information and telecommunication technologies. In addition, this is a complex …
Cloud programming simplified: A berkeley view on serverless computing | E Jonas, J Schleier-Smith, V Sreekanti, CC Tsai… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … Leveraging new storage technologies [57], which promise microsecond-level access times,  is emerging as a … file system (eg, AWS EFS or Azure Files). By maintaining a change log  in a hidden file, we provide both transactional isolation and effective caching for shared file …
A new approach for assessing synergies of solar and wind power: implications for West Africa | S Sterl, S Liersch, H Koch… - Environmental …, 2018 - iopscience.iop.org | … PV and wind power can be exploited to reduce storage needs and costs, as can demand  management options, that does not mean the need for storage can be eliminated. Storage  technologies such as thermal storage and pumped hydropower play an important role in near-…
Transferring a petabyte in a day | R Kettimuthu, Z Liu, D Wheeler, I Foster… - Future Generation …, 2018 - Elsevier | Extreme-scale simulations and experiments can generate large amounts of data, whose volume  can exceed the compute and/or storage capacity at the simulation or experimental facility.  With the emergence of ultra-high-speed networks, researchers are considering pipelined …
Smart buildings features and key performance indicators: A review | J Al Dakheel, C Del Pero, N Aste, F Leonforte - Sustainable Cities and …, 2020 - Elsevier | … Moreover, the use of energy storage technologies allows a reduction in the demand side and  saves surplus energy in batteries/thermal storages. Lizana, Friedrich, Renaldi, and Chacartegui  (2018) stated that energy-flexible buildings which have electric heating, demand-side …
Solar thermal energy technologies and its applications for process heating and power generation–A review | KR Kumar, NVVK Chaitanya, NS Kumar - Journal of Cleaner Production, 2021 - Elsevier | … In this article, an extensive review of various solar thermal energy technologies and their  industrial applications are presented. The following … The cost of heat storage technologies  are expensive as on today and it is not required for solar augmentation with existing fossil fuel …
Analysing the feasibility of powering the Americas with renewable energy and inter-regional grid interconnections by 2030 | A Aghahosseini, D Bogdanov, LSNS Barbosa… - … and Sustainable Energy …, 2019 - Elsevier | … (14%) and lower installed capacity of RE (14%) and storage technologies were observed  compared to the fully isolated system. Article … The other technical assumptions such as efficiency  of RE and storage technologies, energy to power ratio of storage technologies, and power …
Survey of smart grid concepts and technological demonstrations worldwide emphasizing on the Oman perspective | AH Al-Badi, R Ahshan, N Hosseinzadeh… - Applied System …, 2020 - mdpi.com | … The technologies that the world currently has at hand are quite enough to build up a fully  functional smart Grid. The development in energy storage systems, communication technologies  with 5G coming in vogue quite recently, efficient and secured data transfer systems, edge …
Toward environmentally sustainable digital preservation | KL Pendergrass, W Sampson… - The American …, 2019 - meridian.allenpress.com | … David Rosenthal argues that, on a practical level, perfect bit-level preservation is a “myth”:  “Current storage technologies are about a million times too unreliable to keep a Petabyte  intact for a century; stuff is going to get lost.” Given the inevitability of loss and the high …
Exploring users' experiences of using personal cloud storage services: a phenomenological study | K Ghaffari, M Lagzian - Behaviour & Information Technology, 2018 - Taylor & Francis | Recently, cloud computing has attracted great attention for both personal and organisational  usages. Despite a large number of research conducted about cloud adoption, little is known  about how users practically experienced the usage and adoption of Personal Could Storage …
Baseload electricity and hydrogen supply based on hybrid PV-wind power plants | M Fasihi, C Breyer - Journal of Cleaner Production, 2020 - Elsevier | … The reliable supplies of electricity and hydrogen required for 100% renewable energy systems  have been found to be achievable by utilisation of a mix of different resources and storage  technologies. In this paper, more demanding parameter conditions than hitherto considered …
The conceptual basis of the university cloud-based learning and research environment formation and development in view of the open science priorities | VY Bykov, MP Shyshkina - Інформаційні технології і засоби …, 2018 - irbis-nbuv.gov.ua | … that are used to support educational and scientific activities and to outline the principles and  technologies of open science use and … scientific application of cloud technologies, and  experimental studies. The results of the research substantiate cloud technologies in the principles …
Radical transformation pathway towards sustainable electricity via evolutionary steps | D Bogdanov, J Farfan, K Sadovskaia… - Nature …, 2019 - nature.com | … Thus, currently available generation and storage technologies are sufficient for nearly 100%  power system operation. Available RE energy resources are adequate to … For power storage  technologies, such statistics are unavailable so we assume 10% cost escalation for power …
An overview of the concept and technology of ubiquitous energy | K Alanne, S Cao - Applied energy, 2019 - Elsevier | … storage technologies include the options of battery energy storage (BES), superconducting  magnetic energy storage (SMES), flywheel energy storage (FES), ultra (or super)-capacitor  energy storage (… integration of energy conversion and storage technologies and on the other …
Short-term forecast of generation of electric energy in photovoltaic systems | A Bugała, M Zaborowicz, P Boniecki, D Janczak… - … and Sustainable Energy …, 2018 - Elsevier | … The dynamic growth of alternative technologies generating electric energy must intercorrelate  with conventional sources, which enables the compensation of … The data used in the  process of neural modeling has been sorted in the form of learning file saved as a CSV format.. …
Developing hands-on laboratory exercises for teaching STEM students the internet-of-things, cloud computing and blockchain applications | AR Rao, R Dave - … Integrated STEM Education Conference  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , so that they can develop an intuitive understanding of the new technologies. We present an  approach using the Raspberry Pi, a small and … Our results should be beneficial to instructors  interested in exposing their students to these emerging technologies. Our main finding is …
Towards future infrastructures for sustainable multi-energy systems: A review | E Guelpa, A Bischi, V Verda, M Chertkov, H Lund - Energy, 2019 - Elsevier | … For decades, technology has made significant advances: renewable energy technologies  have gained larger shares, different types of storage systems … Many of the storage technologies  can be synthetized as [176]. The most widespread technologies are described in Table 2. …
Are really technologies at the fingers of teachers? Results from a Higher Education Institution in Portugal | P Peres, F Moreira, A Mesquita - 2018 - repositorio.uportu.pt | … The last 2 questions of the questionnaire were open and our objective was to understand  why or why not teachers used the technologies. … use of the technologies. As for the reasons to  use the technologies teachers claimed that it was for the easy creation and storage of files, for …
IT-ecosystem of the HybriLIT heterogeneous platform for high-performance computing and training of IT-specialists | G Adam, M Bashashin, D Belyakov… - English, in CEUR …, 2018 - ceur-ws.org | … web-page; Indico system – it is used by the HybriLIT team in order to organize conferences,  seminars and meetings dedicated to parallel programming technologies; HybriLIT User Support  – it is a project developed in the Project Management Service system that allows answer …
The use of mobile Internet devices in the formation of ICT component of bachelors in electromechanics competency in modeling of technical objects | Y Modlo, S Semerikov, P Nechypurenko… - 2019 - ds.knu.edu.ua | Computer simulation of technical objects and processes is one of the components of the system  of professional training of a modern electromechanics engineer. It has been established  that despite the fact that mobile Internet devices (MID) are actively used by electrical …
Ambivalence, naturalness and normality in public perceptions of carbon capture and storage in biomass, fossil energy, and industrial applications in the … | G Thomas, N Pidgeon, E Roberts - Energy Research & Social Science, 2018 - Elsevier | … To the extent that other futures have been envisaged in which energy storage technologies  reduce the need for demand response practices [91], future support for CCS may prove even  more qualified than our findings suggest. Likewise, the finding that some participants viewed …
Liquid organic hydrogen carriers (LOHCs)–techno-economic analysis of LOHCs in a defined process chain | M Niermann, S Drünert, M Kaltschmitt… - Energy & Environmental …, 2019 - pubs.rsc.org | … Among others, the results show that methanol is the cheapest LOHC option for storage and  transportation followed by dibenzyltoluene and toluene. For a storage time of 60 days they  show economic advantages compared to compressed hydrogen (CGH2) under the defined …
Information society, digital economy and law | VV Tarakanov, AO Inshakova… - Ubiquitous Computing and …, 2019 - Springer | … the articles of the participants of the international scientific-practical Conference “Information  Russia 2019: Electronic State services; Justice; … interdisciplinary and cross-sectoral nature  of the Conference predestined to a wide range of methodological approaches to introductory …
Reversible solid-oxide cells for clean and sustainable energy | MB Mogensen, M Chen, HL Frandsen, C Graves… - Clean …, 2019 - academic.oup.com | … There are a number of such conversion and storage technologies available, ie pumping  water into to mountain water reservoirs, in … are presented in [25], but Dr Wood informed us at  the conference that the cell was made of classic SOC materials. Thus, the two cells should be …
Aiming towards pollution free future by high penetration of renewable energy sources in electricity generation expansion planning | A Bhuvanesh, STJ Christa, S Kannan, MK Pandiyan - Futures, 2018 - Elsevier | … United Nations Climate Change Conference reported that global GHG emission rate has  elevated by an average of 3% annually. In this … of storage and relocation options, such as  energy storage technologies (EST), pumped hydro storage, compressed air energy storage and …
Solar photovoltaic modeling and simulation: As a renewable energy solution | R Kumar, SK Singh - Energy Reports, 2018 - Elsevier | … The dependency on the conventional source of energy may be reduced by hybridization  of various renewable energy sources along with energy storage technologies which play a  critical role to tackle the power uncertainties (Hemmati and Saboori, 2016). In the present …
High penetration renewable generation within Australian isolated and remote power systems | J Hamilton, M Negnevitsky, X Wang, S Lyden - Energy, 2019 - Elsevier | … The ability of the system to achieve medium to high renewable penetrations without the  cost and complexity of these storage technologies represents a significant achievement. The  ability of the system to manage power quality and security under instantaneous renewable …
On-Device learning of indoor location for WiFi fingerprint approach | MA Nuño-Maganda, H Herrera-Rivas, C Torres-Huitzil… - Sensors, 2018 - mdpi.com | … RSSI data storage: This module allows one to read and write ARRF files to external storage.  When the user wants to create a new dataset, … by the DSC module and creates a file in the  device’s external storage. When the capture process finishes, an ARRF file with LO and LE per …
RRSD: A file replication method for ensuring data reliability and reducing storage consumption in a dynamic Cloud-P2P environment | SY Sun, WB Yao, BJ Qiao, M Zong, X He… - Future Generation …, 2019 - Elsevier | … the storage duration expectation is “one year”. Generally, it is difficult for a single file to meet  the file storage expectations (ie, the data reliability requirement) when a file … Therefore, a  reasonable number of redundant replicas is necessary when a file is stored in a cloud. However, …
Industry 4.0 technologies and their applications in fighting COVID-19 pandemic | M Javaid, A Haleem, R Vaishya, S Bahl… - Diabetes & Metabolic …, 2020 - Elsevier | … We have discussed ten major technologies of Industry 4.0 which help to solve the problems  of this virus. It is useful to provide day to day … these technologies would help to enhance  education and communication regarding public health. These Industry 4.0 technologies could …
Local smart energy systems and cross-system integration | I Bačeković, PA Østergaard - Energy, 2018 - Elsevier | … climate deal at the 2015 Paris Climate Conference (COP21), accepting to take … storage  technologies on the integration of RES in a 100% renewable energy system and concluded that  electricity storage gives much better integration of fluctuating RES than heat or biogas storage…
A review on frequency support provision by wind power plants: Current and future challenges | AB Attya, JL Dominguez-Garcia… - … and Sustainable Energy …, 2018 - Elsevier | … In addition, the integration of energy storage technologies and dispatching of wind farms  during frequency deviations are thoroughly discussed. Finally, technical challenges, … In:  Proceedings of the IEEE innovative smart grid technologies conference Europe. Sweden; 2010. …
An IoT-cloud based smart healthcare monitoring system using container based virtual environment in edge device | K Jaiswal, S Sobhanayak, AK Turuk… - … Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The rising thought of the Internet of Things (IoT) is quickly discovering its way all through our  modern life, aiming to enhance the quality of life by associating numerous smart devices,  technologies, and applications. Overall, the IoT would allow for the automation of everything …
Internet of Things security: a survey | MAM Sadeeq, SRM Zeebaree, R Qashi… - … Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Nowadays, devices for quantum key distribution are sold by profitable companies and they  should develop models of technologies that are the same as the technologies required for  quantum key distribution. Finally, they suggest concentrating on the applications of the new …
Blockchain of things (BCoT): The fusion of blockchain and IoT technologies | MH Miraz - Advanced Applications of Blockchain Technology, 2020 - Springer | Blockchain, as well as Internet of Things (IoT), is considered as two major disruptive emerging  technologies. However, both of them suffer from innate technological limitations to some  extent. IoT requires strengthening its security features while Blockchain inherently possesses …
The advances and challenges of deep learning application in biological big data processing | L Peng, M Peng, B Liao, G Huang, W Li… - Current …, 2018 - ingentaconnect.com | … Methods: This paper introduces the new model of data storage and computational facilities  for big data analyzing. Then, the application of … Proceedings of 16th International conference  on medical image computing and computer-assisted intervention. 2013 Sept 22-26; Nagoya, …
A Big Data smart library recommender system for an educational institution | A Simović - Library Hi Tech, 2018 - emerald.com | Purpose With the exponential growth of the amount of data, the most sophisticated systems  of traditional libraries are not able to fulfill the demands of modern business and user needs.  The purpose of this paper is to present the possibility of creating a Big Data smart library as …
Edgebench: Benchmarking edge computing platforms | A Das, S Patterson, M Wittie - … Conference on Utility and Cloud …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … the audio files into 16khz, 16 bit, mono ‘wav’ file format to comply with the requirements of  PocketSphinx. The average realtime length of files in … The Azure functions are triggered by  the upload of an audio or image file or a scalar value JSON file in Azure blob storage. After the …
EFL students' preferences on digital platforms during emergency remote teaching: Video Conference, LMS, or Messenger Application? | FM Amin, H Sundari - Studies in English Language and …, 2020 - e-repository.unsyiah.ac.id | The use of technology in language learning has extensively expanded in line with the  advancement of technology itself. However, the investigation into the implementation of video  conferences, learning management systems, and mobile applications, particularly during the …
Solar for industrial process heat: A review of technologies, analysis approaches, and potential applications in the United States | CA Schoeneberger, CA McMillan, P Kurup, S Akar… - Energy, 2020 - Elsevier | … technologies, their potential applications in the context of US industry, the status of modeling  and data for determining potential, known barriers to adoption, and future research paths. This  review highlights industries and SIPH technologies for … common ST technologies used in …
Real-time machine learning for early detection of heart disease using big data approach | A Ed-Daoudy, K Maalmi - … conference on wireless technologies …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … As the focus of this paper is primarily on real-time processing, distributed and real-time  classification and distributed storage, the database can be simply modified by other database. It  just used to train … Integrating other big data technologies to our approach will be more efficient. …
Privacy-preserving cloud computing on sensitive data: A survey of methods, products and challenges | J Domingo-Ferrer, O Farras, J Ribes-González… - Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … Retrieving outsourced data selectively is a basic functionality of cloud storage servers, and  it is required in a wide range of applications such as file storage systems, outsourced backup  services, accounting systems or e-mail servers. However, delegating the search execution …
Universal context propagation for distributed system instrumentation | J Mace, R Fonseca - Proceedings of the Thirteenth EuroSys Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Many tools for analyzing distributed systems propagate contexts along the execution paths of  requests, tasks, and jobs, in order to correlate events across process, component and machine  boundaries. There is a wide range of existing and proposed uses for these tools, which …
Performance benchmarking and optimizing hyperledger fabric blockchain platform | P Thakkar, S Nathan… - 2018 IEEE 26th …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Blockchain technologies initially gained popularity as they were seen as a way to get rid of  the intermediary and decentralize the system. Since then, blockchain has witnessed a growing  interest from different domains and use cases. A blockchain is a shared, distributed ledger …
Switch 2.0: A modern platform for planning high-renewable power systems | J Johnston, R Henriquez-Auba, B Maluenda, M Fripp - SoftwareX, 2019 - Elsevier | … Additional power technologies may be implemented via optional modules in the Extensions  subpackage within the Generators package. The Storage module defines a generic framework  for storage technologies, such as pumped hydro, batteries, flywheels, and others. This …
An IoT-based portable smart meeting space with real-time room occupancy | J Patel, G Panchal - … Communication and Computational Technologies, 2018 - Springer | … So our aim is to incorporate the latest Internet of Things (IoT) technologies into the meeting  rooms based on many different types of research. Our proposed system will help every  organization those who want to convert their traditional meeting spaces into a smart meeting space …
Relevance of PV with single-axis tracking for energy scenarios | S Afanasyeva, D Bogdanov, C Breyer - Solar Energy, 2018 - Elsevier | … The energy storage technologies comprise battery storage, thermal energy storage (TES),  pumped hydro storage (PHS), adiabatic compressed air energy storage (A-CAES), and  power-to-gas (PtG) technology. Electricity can be converted into synthetic natural gas by using …
Load frequency control of multi area interconnected microgrid power system using grasshopper optimization algorithm optimized fuzzy PID controller | DK Lal, AK Barisal, M Tripathy - 2018 Recent Advances on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … and storage technologies such as battery energy storage systems (BESS), flywheels, ultra  capacitors (UC) and superconducting magnetic energy storage (… of multi-microgrid using  energy storage system,” Proceedings of 8th International Conference on Electrical and Computer …
Designing low-carbon power systems for Great Britain in 2050 that are robust to the spatiotemporal and inter-annual variability of weather | M Zeyringer, J Price, B Fais, PH Li, E Sharp - Nature Energy, 2018 - nature.com | … over the weather-years, we observe a consistent revenue gap for most technologies (see  Supplementary Figs. and 32). Our study shows that … Brayshaw for his comments at the  wholeSEM conference that have improved our analysis, N. Strachan for his comments on an earlier …
Exploration information systems–A proposal for the future use of GIS in mineral exploration targeting | M Yousefi, OP Kreuzer, V Nykänen, JMA Hronsky - Ore Geology Reviews, 2019 - Elsevier | … The advent of modern data collection and storage technologies has brought about a huge  increase in data volumes with both traditional and machine learning tools struggling to effectively  handle, manage and analyse the very large data quantities that are now available. The …
Large-scale solar district heating plants in Danish smart thermal grid: Developments and recent trends | Z Tian, S Zhang, J Deng, J Fan, J Huang… - Energy conversion and …, 2019 - Elsevier | … storage to provide heat to district heating networks. Water pit storage and borehole storage  are two common seasonal storage technologies … Hence, there is an important synergy  with seasonal storage technologies. Towards solar district heating with more than 70% solar …
Secure data storage and recovery in industrial blockchain network environments | W Liang, Y Fan, KC Li, D Zhang… - IEEE Transactions on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Therefore, secure file storage and sharing have become urgent problems in industrial cloud  storage technology. Industrial users aim to … major conferences and workshops in  program/general/steering conference chairman positions and has organized numerous conferences …
Virtualization techniques compared: performance, resource, and power usage overheads in clouds | SK Tesfatsion, C Klein, J Tordsson - … /SPEC International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In our experiments, it achieved only 80% of the raw-storage performance for write  operations. To quantify the disk I/O performance of using different file stores other than AUFS for  Docker, we tested the use of volumes, which mounts a file system in the container, and direct …
Applying semantics to reduce the time to analytics within complex heterogeneous infrastructures | A Pomp, A Paulus, A Kirmse, V Kraus, T Meisen - Technologies, 2018 - mdpi.com | … In our case, this process involves the connection of a new system, the storage of the data in  an appropriate data storage system, the description of meta data as well as … We call this  storage model information storage as it is capable of storing and providing more than plain data. …
Impact of CO2 prices on the design of a highly decarbonised coupled electricity and heating system in Europe | K Zhu, M Victoria, T Brown, GB Andresen, M Greiner - Applied energy, 2019 - Elsevier | … The model includes hourly dispatch of all technologies for a full year for every country in …  generation, conversion, transmission and storage technologies and the corresponding CO 2  … of fossil fuels and inefficient conversion technologies are economically favoured despite the …
Non-traditional business models for city-scale energy storage: evidence from UK case studies | A Burlinson, M Giulietti - Economia e Politica Industriale, 2018 - Springer | … Finally, to provide examples of real-life implementation of non-traditional business models,  we present a set of case studies involving the deployment of energy storage technologies to  support local energy systems in the UK. Interviews with two key companies involved in the …
