Introducing fundamental object-oriented programming concepts in preschool education within the context of physical science courses | K Kanaki, M Kalogiannakis - Education and Information Technologies, 2018 - Springer | … We could say that object-oriented programming was introduced in order to ease the transfer  of our object-oriented thinking into code without, … briefly our decisions and actions regarding  the implementation of PhysGramming, with a view to meeting the above-mentioned criteria. …
Evaluations of JaguarCode: A web-based object-oriented programming environment with static and dynamic visualization | J Yang, Y Lee, KH Chang - Journal of Systems and Software, 2018 - Elsevier | … comprehension, to improve OOD concepts, and to deal with the platform dependency  issues, our research uses an approach that … could contribute to its goals of meeting user's  needs and providing satisfaction. In this study, questionnaires with System Usability Scale (SUS) …
DynaSOAr: a parallel memory allocator for object-oriented programming on GPUs with efficient memory access | M Springer, H Masuhara - arXiv preprint arXiv:1810.11765, 2018 - arxiv.org | … Object-oriented programming has long been regarded as too inefficient for SIMD high-performance  computing, despite the fact that many important HPC applications … We discovered a broad  class of object-oriented programs with many important real-world applications that can …
Utility of an object-oriented metrics component: examining the feasibility of. Net and C# object-oriented program from the perspective of mobile learning | N Padhy, RP Singh… - International Journal of …, 2018 - inderscienceonline.com | … automated design tools for the estimation of object-oriented metrics for mobile applications,  … suite is best suited for measuring the objectoriented design metrics. This paper reviews the …  the naming convention Once the variable will be assigned as per the naming convention then …
State-of-the-art object-oriented metrics and its reusability: a decade review | N Padhy, S Satapathy, RP Singh - Smart Computing and Informatics, 2018 - Springer | … and testing and then to identify the properties of object-oriented design (OOD) metrics. OOD  metrics help us to … object-oriented programming. In: Proceedings of the 12th ACM SIGPLAN  Conference on Object Oriented Programming, Systems, Languages, and Applications…
Free objects in constraint-logic object-oriented programming | JC Dageförde, H Winkelmann, H Kuchen - … of Declarative Programming, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … to other constraint-logic object-oriented programming languages, eg, languages based on C#.  Due to the … , the possible behaviour may also change during program execution. Recall the  … given example, free objects enable the systematic search in an object-oriented application. …
Reversible object-oriented programming with region-based memory management | UP Schultz - International Conference on Reversible Computation, 2018 - Springer | … the design and implementation Joule\(^R\), a reversible object-oriented language in the  style of Janus, that supports common object-oriented programming patterns … Object-oriented  (OO) programming uses classes as a means to encapsulate behavior and state. Classes permit …
Automatic Knowledge Acquisition for Object-Oriented Expert Systems | J Colloc, D Boulanger - arXiv preprint arXiv:2005.08517, 2020 - arxiv.org | We describe an Object Oriented Model for building Expert Systems. This model and the detection  of similarities allow to implement reasoning modes as induction, deduction and simulation.  We specially focus on similarity and its use in induction. We propose original algorithms …
A programmable programming language | M Felleisen, RB Findler, M Flatt… - Communications of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … to the ones for objectoriented programming and for concurrency-oriented programming.… ’s  implementation thus uses turnstile,6 an eDSL created for expressing type systems. Likewise, the  … In the world of shell scripts, the firstline convention eventually opened the door to a slew of …
A method for teaching object-oriented programming with digital modeling | GAS Oliveira, R Bonacin - … IEEE 18th International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The need for new applications on mobile devices/things is one of the cause for this growing.  These applications frequently require Object Oriented Programming (OOP) skills in an integrated  way, by combining OOP with various disciplines related to STEM (Science, Technology, …
Teaching Object Oriented Programming Concepts Through a Mobile Serious Game | E Lotfi, B Mohammed - … Conference on Smart City Applications, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In this perspective of research we will present in this paper a mobile serious game that teaches  object oriented programming “OOP” concepts for newbie software developers; the proposed  serious game will be equipped by an assessment mechanism inspired from the literature …
Initialize once, start fast: application initialization at build time | C Wimmer, C Stancu, P Hofer, V Jovanovic… - … ACM on Programming …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … applications, GraalVM Native Image offers fast startup and stable performance. GraalVM Native  Image uses a novel iterative application of … In Proceedings of the ACM SIGPLAN Conference  on Object-Oriented Programming Systems, Languages, and Applications . ACM Press, …
A didactic object-oriented, prototype-based visual programming environment | BG Perez-Schofield, F Ortin - Science of Computer Programming, 2019 - Elsevier | … In this paper, we present Pooi 1 (the Prototype-based, Object-Oriented Interpreter), an  interpreter of a very simple programming language … system would be useful for our objectives,  though it was considered too complex in a subject in which the object-oriented programming …
Test case prioritization using clustering approach for object oriented software | DK Yadav, SK Dutta - … of Information System Modeling and Design  …, 2019 - igi-global.com | … In recent years, research on regression testing has made significant progress for object-oriented  software. The empirical results show the importance of K-mean clustering algorithm used to  achieve an effective result. They found from experimental results that their proposed …
Distributed object-oriented programming with multiple consistency levels in ConSysT | N Eskandani, M Köhler, A Margara… - … Systems, Programming …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … application assumes for B may not be valid anymore. In this work, we present our ongoing  research on ConSysT, an object-oriented language for distributed applications … ConSysT  information-flow type system ensures that data with different consistency levels cannot be mixed …
Programmers do not favor lambda expressions for concurrent object-oriented code | S Nielebock, R Heumüller, F Ortmeier - Empirical Software Engineering, 2019 - Springer | … the usage of lambda expressions in the object-oriented programming languages C#, C++,  and … of language support for generic programming. In: Proceedings of the 18th annual ACM  SIGPLAN conference on object-oriented programming, systems, languages, and applications (…
OOC-O: A reference ontology on object-oriented code | CZ de Aguiar, R de Almeida Falbo… - International Conference …, 2019 - Springer | … In Purpose Identification and Requirements Elicitation, we identify the purpose and  intended uses of the ontology, define its functional … This paper presents a reference ontology  about the concepts of object-oriented programming code based on a foundation ontology. The …
Comparison of systematically derived software metrics thresholds for object-oriented programming languages | T Beranič, M Heričko - Computer Science and Information Systems, 2020 - doiserbia.nb.rs | … threshold values for nine software metrics in four object-oriented programming languages  (ie, Java, C++… object-oriented programming languages.Within the performed empirical study,  the comparison reveals that threshold values differ between different programming languages…
A Code Complexity Model of Object Oriented Programming (OOP) | H Hourani, H Wasmi… - … Joint Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The Code Complexity and Object Oriented Programming (OOP) is an import topic due to the  role of OOP playing in most of the software design and architectures nowadays. In OOP there  are key design concepts like Encapsulation, Polymorphisms and Inheritance that affect the …
Current challenges in practical object-oriented software design | M Aniche, J Yoder, F Kon - … /ACM 41st International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … -old body of knowledge in object-oriented programming and design, good software designs  are… This paper discusses the practical challenges of object-oriented design in modern software  … by contemporary developers when modeling object-oriented systems. We hope this paper …
Implementation of the decision-making module through object-oriented programming of the frame knowledge base | X Eshankulov - ЦЕНТР НАУЧНЫХ ПУБЛИКАЦИЙ (buxdu. uz), 2020 - journal.buxdu.uz | … Conference papers in english … The knowledge base is represented by an object-oriented  Entity Framework technology-based object model. The Entity Framework allows you to express  a high level of abstraction and work with data independently, regardless of the type of data …
State of the art metrics for aspect oriented programming | MI Ghareb, G Allen - AIP conference proceedings, 2018 - aip.scitation.org | … measurements, which are not directives of Object Oriented measurements, had a superior to  be … [45] This paper was a comparison study between mobile application development using  two … Empirical analysis of ck metrics for object-oriented design complexity: Implications for …
Combining analogies and virtual reality for active and visual object-oriented programming | T Tanielu, R 'Akau'ola, E Varoy… - … of the acm conference on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Object-oriented programming (OOP) is a fundamental programming paradigm widely used in  industry. Its application is a mandatory skill in any computer … OOP-Anim [6] is an educational  environment that aids students in visualising object-oriented programs. It essentially …
Machine translation from natural language to code using long-short term memory | KMTH Rahit, RH Nabil, MH Huq - … of the Future Technologies Conference, 2019 - Springer | … Making computer programming language more understandable and easy for the human is a  longstanding problem. From assembly language to present day’s object-oriented programming,  concepts came to make programming easier so that a programmer can focus on the …
Incremental overload resolution in object-oriented programming languages | T Szabó, E Kuci, M Bijman, M Mezini… - … Proceedings for the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We argue that overloading is fundamental for object oriented languages, so overload resolution  must run with sub-second updates times, … We believe that our benchmarking scenario is  representative for in-IDE applications because developers modify the code bases through a …
Metrics analysis in object oriented and aspect oriented programming | P Gulia, M Khari, S Patel - Recent Patents on Engineering, 2019 - ingentaconnect.com | … The above program uses only OOP paradigm, in the above banking program we use same  method in each and every module, hence … In this paper, we have investigated a well known  set of measures in which we analyse the metrics of object oriented program and same may be …
Function-oriented programming: A new class of code reuse attack in c applications | Y Guo, L Chen, G Shi - … Conference on Communications and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , such as return-oriented programming(ROP), Jump-Oriented Programming(JOP), and  Counterfeit Object-oriented Programming(COOP). And … In this paper, we propose a new attack  called function-oriented programming(FOP) to construct malicious program behavior. FOP takes …
A compiler and virtual machine for constraint-logic object-oriented programming with Muli | JC Dageförde, H Kuchen - Journal of Computer Languages, 2019 - Elsevier | … We motivate the benefits of integrating object-oriented programming and constraint-logic  programming into a single language and introduce … of constraint-logic and OO programming  is useful for applications that are mainly programmed in an object-oriented language, e. g. Java, …
A vision of miking: interactive programmatic modeling, sound language composition, and self-learning compilation | D Broman - … International Conference on Software Language …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … of the ACM International Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages  and Applications (… languages and code generators. In Companion of the 18th annual ACM  SIGPLAN conference on Objectoriented programming, systems, languages, and applications. …
Developing a hybrid learning strategy for students' engagement in object-oriented programming course | H Jusuf, N Ibrahim, A Suparman - Universal Journal of …, 2019 - app.oarklibrary.com | … the application of Object-Oriented Programming, aiming to examine improvements in  engagement, performance, and interaction of students in OOP class through the application …  Paper presented at the Proceedings of the Informatics Education Europe II Conference IEEII 2007. …
Monitoring for control in role-oriented self-adaptive systems | I Shmelkin - … Engineering for Adaptive and Self-Managing Systems, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Since classic object-oriented programming languages are not sufficient for creating adaptive  role-based applications, a group of role-based programming languages emerged [3, 5, 13, 18,  23, … Proceedings of the third international conference on Very large data bases-Volume 3. …
Kafka: Gradual typing for objects | B Chung, P Li, FZ Nardelli, J Vitek - … on Object-Oriented Programming, 2018 - hal.inria.fr | … In this paper, we show that four of the most common gradual type systems provide distinct  guarantees, and we give a formal framework for comparing gradual type systems for object-oriented  languages. First, we show that the different gradual type systems are practically distin-…
Teaching Object Oriented Programming by Visual Devices | J UDVAROS - Conference proceedings of» eLearning and Software …, 2019 - ceeol.com | … to understand and acquire the object-oriented programming language and the efficacy of  teaching programming can be improved with the use of the visualization application. The student’s  … This application and method help the practical education and they increase the student’s …
Automated measurement of competencies and generation of feedback in object-oriented programming courses | J Krugel, P Hubwieser, M Goedicke… - … Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, there are only few solid research results on competencies and competence models  for object-oriented programming (OOP), which could be used as a foundation for high-quality  feedback.In a joint research project of research groups at two universities, we aim to …
Monitoring open multi-agent systems: An aspect-oriented programming based approach | MS Chebout, F Mokhati, M Badri… - … and Grid Systems, 2019 - content.iospress.com | … ; in Section 4, we discuss the MAS profiling with AspectJ as Aspect Oriented programming  language; in Section 5, a general view about Monitoring AGR-based Open … To the best of  our knowledge, our work is the first that profiles Open MAS applications using AOP paradigm. …
What language?-The choice of an introductory programming language | O Ezenwoye - 2018 IEEE Frontiers in Education Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This work uses a survey of computer science bachelor’s degree programs in the United States  to find out what … found promise in the desire for the development of flexible, modular and  reusable programs. In object-oriented programming, programs can be decomposed into a set …
Collaborative Strategy for Teaching and Learning Object-Oriented Programming Course: A Case Study at Mostafa Stambouli Mascara University, Algeria | C Boudia, A Bengueddach, H Haffaf - Informatica, 2019 - informatica.si | … courses traditionally emphasize theoretical basis understanding of OO programming  concepts, as well as its application in code fragment [… Random selection generally is used in  first year programming courses curriculum or large classes [9], where the students meeting up in …
An informative test code approach for studying three object-oriented programming concepts by code writing problem in Java programming learning assistant system | KK Zaw, N Funabiki, EE Mon… - … 7th Global Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , it adopts the operating system Linux, the Web server Apache, the application server Tomcat,  and the database system MySQL, as shown … Section IV discusses the three concepts in the  object oriented programming. Section V presents the informative test code approach for the …
An object-oriented design of expert system software for evaluating the maintenance of lined equipment | VA Yemelyanov, AA Nedelkin… - … Multi-Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … When designing the structure of the expert system software, an object-oriented approach  was used [15-16]. Unified Modeling Language … Titov, "Development of methods to identify  risks to build up the automated diagnosis systems", 2017 IEEE Conference of Russian Young …
Paso: A web-based parser for solidity language analysis | GA Pierro, R Tonelli - 2020 IEEE International Workshop on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The main constraint of the previous Standalone Applications is that they depend on other  server programming languages or framework … into two categories: 1) Object oriented metrics  used to measure properties of object oriented programming languages, such as java, smalltalk, …
BlueJ-UML: Learning object-oriented programming paradigm using interactive programming environment | J Keung, Y Xiao, Q Mi, VCS Lee - … International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … of object-oriented programming. The other conceptual learning challenge with teaching  Java or object-oriented programming perhaps is the large number of circular dependencies of  programming language concepts and constructs, such as in object-oriented programming [7] in…
… Babylonian/S by Putting Examples Into Contexts: Tracing Instrumentation for Example-Based Live Programming as a Use Case for Context-Oriented Programming | P Rein, J Lincke, S Ramson, T Mattis… - … -oriented Programming, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … described programming tool, we will now describe how the implementation of each  design element can generally be mapped to COP concepts given an exploratory self-sustaining  programming environment based on a class-based object-oriented programming language [2]. …
Restructuring extended Lexical elaborate Language | RM Andrianjaka, RJ Luc, T Mahatody… - … Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … the method of a system that the eLEL model describes do not conform to the rule imposed  by ObjectOriented Programming to type an attribute … extended the attribute format to obey the  rule imposed by Object Oriented Programming (POO). Nevertheless, to validate the proposed …
Development of a smart parking system based on internet of things using object-oriented analysis and design method | MF Maulana, S Adhy, N Bahtiar… - … of Physics: Conference …, 2020 - iopscience.iop.org | … Object-Oriented Design is a method that includes an objectoriented decomposition process  and provides notation to describe the physical and logic as well as static and dynamic of the  system … Each application is written in a different programming language but with the same …
Business role-object specification: a language for behavior-aware structural modeling of business objects | H Schön, S Strahringer, FJ Furrer, T Kühn - 2019 - aisel.aisnet.org | … [16] propose a method that introduces temporal aspects and object changes to object-oriented …  free to design roles to fit the objects into the enterprise-specific business logic (eg, “Meeting  Room” … We consider that the best application of BROS occurs at an early stage of software …
Round-trip migration of object-oriented data model instances | L Beurer-Kellner, J von Pilgrim… - Transformation …, 2020 - transformation-tool-contest.eu | … Each scenario comprises two versions of a data model that demonstrate the application of  typical edit operations on object-oriented data … Design patterns: Abstraction and reuse of  object-oriented design. In European Conference on Object-Oriented Programming. Springer, …
A tour of gallifrey, a language for geodistributed programming | M Milano, R Recto, T Magrino… - … Programming Languages …, 2019 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … to conferences, working on their bibliography on the go – including in places with limited  internet connectivity. Their bibliography application … the collection, How to Design Programs  [27], while at the same time Bob removes the “Programming Languages” collection itself, adding …
Static Taint Analysis Traversal with Object Oriented Component for Web File Injection Vulnerability Pattern Detection | A Kurniawan, BS Abbas, A Trisetyarso… - Procedia Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | We introduce a composition of object-oriented component PHP grammar for taint analysis.  Our novel method successfully restructured the PHP parser and reduced grammar artifact  objects that must be visited in a taint analysis process by up to 52% grammar variation. Taint …
Accelerating object-sensitive pointer analysis by exploiting object containment and reachability | D He, J Lu, Y Gao, J Xue - … on Object-Oriented Programming  …, 2021 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … It plays an important role in a wide range of real-world applications, including security  analysis [2, 10], program verification [8], program … 3.1 A Simplified Object-Oriented Language  We consider a simplified object-oriented language, ie, a subset of Java, in which a program …
Seven Steps for Object-oriented Normalization in Class Diagrams: Example of Jigsaw Puzzle Concept for Image Retrieval | SH Lo, YC Shiue, KF Liu - Journal of Applied Science and …, 2018 - jase.tku.edu.tw | … to object-oriented system design, although shared operation as the object-oriented principle …  basis of database normalization from object-oriented programming’s characteristics of encap…  It uses the unified modeling language (UML) to describe a system’s classes, their attributes, …
How does object-oriented code refactoring influence software quality? Research landscape and challenges | S Kaur, P Singh - Journal of Systems and Software, 2019 - Elsevier | … We conducted a set of meetings and discussions to resolve the disagreement on 6 (5 in  Phase 1 and 1 in Phase 2) articles and then agreed to include 3 (2 in Phase 1 and 1 in Phase  2) articles. This resulted in a total of 100(98+2) and 29 (28+1) articles from Phase 1 and Phase …
Generation of Call Graph for Java Higher Order Functions | P Bedadala, D Manasa, LS Nair - … 5th International Conference …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … expression uses an interface with only one abstract method that achieves a functional  style on top of the object-oriented programming … In Proceedings of the 15th ACM SIGPLAN  conference on Object-oriented programming, systems, languages, and applications (pp. 281-…
How do android operating system updates impact apps? | G Yang, J Jones, A Moninger… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … system is updated from an old version v0 to a new version v1 and the source code of an Android  app that uses v0, our approach analyzes the impact of the operating system … an informative  analysis of portions of code in the app that are impacted by an operating system update. …
Introduction to digital circuits based logical programming (DCBLP)-The multiparadigmatic way of logical based on programming | L Hapl, H Habiballa - AIP Conference Proceedings, 2019 - aip.scitation.org | … programming enable to utilize nonstandard paradigms and their common combinations (standard  is for example structured programming with object oriented programming… In this model we  use FBP principles – FBP uses black box objects with input and output data (details can …
Concise Guide to Object-Oriented Programming: An Accessible Approach Using Java | K Sage - 2019 - books.google.com | … Although this book uses Java as its illustrative programming language, many of the ideas  may … is to provide an accessible entry into the world of Object Oriented Programming (OOP). …  this convention on us, but we should adopt this convention as it is good programming practice. …
Simulation and exergy analysis of energy conversion processes using a free and open-source framework—python-based object-oriented programming for gas-and … | M Zoder, J Balke, M Hofmann, G Tsatsaronis - Energies, 2018 - mdpi.com | … To avoid possible limitations of the mentioned applications, we decided to develop an  open-source framework in … object-oriented programming language that allows global definitions  to be used by various objects. Theoretically any other object-oriented programming language …
The effects of serious games on studentsconceptual knowledge of object-oriented programming and computational thinking skills | A Akkaya - 2018 - acikbilim.yok.gov.tr | … performance on conceptual knowledge of object-oriented programming (OOP) of and …  Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) is the most popular programming approach, which has  … programming are excited to develop applications and games or work on operating systems …
Object-oriented approach to product design using extended NX Open API | A Lobov, TA Tran - Procedia Manufacturing, 2020 - Elsevier | … Object-oriented programming languages started to emerge in 1970s as a convenient … In  this paper we demonstrate an application and corresponding methodology to design and …  scale manufacturing information systems," 1997 IEEE 6th International Conference on Emerging …
A source code summarization technique for object oriented classes | A Yusuf, M Hammad - 2021 - IET | … natural language summaries for software classes written in object-oriented programming  languages. The technique parses the program's … This technique uses XML representation  of the source code, and class and method stereotype to generate the summary. The aim of the …
Syntactical analysis of context-free languages taking into account order of application of productions | VV Kishkan, KV Safonov… - … of Physics: Conference …, 2019 - iopscience.iop.org | … to context-free languages is performed by modeling the business process using the tools of  a structural or objectoriented approach. A business process presented in the form of a  structural or object model uses the alphabet and syntax of a specific modeling language, which …
Toward Design-by-Contract Based Generative Tool for Object-Oriented System | A Algarni, K Magel - 2018 IEEE 9th International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … INTRODUCTION Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) plays a … Design by contract is a  technique that constructs the objectoriented system to improve the quality of the software. Herein,  we presented a code generator tool to boost the development of object-oriented systems. …
A pbl-based, integrated learning experience of object-oriented programming, data structures and software design | AL Ribeiro, RA Bittencourt - … Frontiers in Education Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This program uses the PBL approach as its main teaching and learning strategy, and is  based on a flexible curriculum, favoring constant … , Object-Oriented Programming and software  Design, and in the Programming integrator module that make up this integrated study. …
Managing hybrid memories by predicting object write intensity | S Akram, KS McKinley, JB Sartor… - … of Programming, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … As memory systems evolve to meet application needs, we believe the hardware, operating  system, and language runtime implementations … In Proceedings of the ACM SIGPLAN  International Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages and Applications (…
A modular reasoning system using uninterpreted predicates for code reuse | CC Din, EB Johnsen, O Owe, IC Yu - … algebraic methods in programming, 2018 - Elsevier | … in the context of object-oriented programming. Whereas related work on incremental proof  … proof system by relating it to a standard proof system for a simple object-oriented language.  … the context of object-oriented programming, as demonstrated in the paper by application to …
Quantitative Assessment of Inheritance Hierarchies for Aspect Oriented Software Development using a proposed Aspect Inheritance Reusability Model | VS Senthil - … Conference on Automation, Computational and …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Object Oriented Software Development (OOSD) inherently provides capabilities and constructs  to design the modular entities for reusability. … inheritance in AOP has improved the modularity,  maintainability and reusability of the case study application over its versions. Since the …
PasOnto: ontology for learning pascal programming language | B Diatta, A Basse, S Ouya - … Engineering Education Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … [10] uses an ontology to describe tools used for Java programming and the Java language …  on object-oriented programming languages (Java and C#) and on C programming language.  … dependent on a particular language (Java, C#; C), we choose to design pasOnto ontology to …
Aspect oriented programs: Issues and perspective | SR Raheman, HB Maringanti, AK Rath - Journal of Electrical Systems and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … All programming methodologies support split up and encapsulation of concerns. In object-oriented  programming (OOP) crosscutting aspects are distributed among objects. It is hard to attain  crosscutting in OOP as it is scattered in different objects. In AOP crosscutting concerns …
Application of ensemble techniques in predicting object-oriented software maintainability | H Alsolai, M Roper - Proceedings of the Evaluation and Assessment on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … maintainability using object-oriented metrics," in Multimedia and Information Technology (MMIT),  2010 Second International Conference on, … [34] RK Bandi, VK Vaishnavi, and DE Turk, "Predicting  maintenance performance using object-oriented design complexity metrics," IEEE …
Measuring object-oriented design principles: The results of focus group-based research | J Bräuer, R Plösch, M Saft, C Körner - Journal of Systems and Software, 2018 - Elsevier | … design best practices to understand their importance for good object-oriented design, using a  survey-based approach (Bräuer et al., 2017b). As a result, we became aware of the importance  levels of the design … languages and detached from any application context. Nevertheless…
Theories and techniques for growing software: paradigm and beyond | C XU, Y QIN, P YU, C CAO, J LÜ - SCIENTIA SINICA …, 2020 - engine.scichina.com | … With advances in cloud computing and big data technologies, “human-cyber-physical”  applications are providing increasingly rich information and robust functionality. This imposes  new technical changes on software systems, which are required to make self-adaptation and …
Object-oriented modeling of multifaceted service delivery system using connected governance | A Roy - International Conference on Distributed Computing …, 2019 - Springer | … Researchers have applied object-oriented (OO) concept to measure their research model,  which is usually application-specific in type. … digital circuits in object-oriented programming.  In: 2007 14th international conference on mixed design of integrated circuits and systems. IEEE…
An electric vehicle model and validation using a Nissan Leaf: A Python-based object-oriented programming approach | S Howroyd, R Thring - Advances in Mechanical Engineering, 2018 - journals.sagepub.com | … This article describes an object-oriented approach to a vehicle model using Python 3. This  approach allows for flexibility of vehicle design. … In: Proceedings of the 2016 IEEE 8th  international power electronics and motion control conference (IPEMC-ECCE Asia), Hefei, China, 22…
Fault-tolerant distributed reactive programming | R Mogk, L Baumgärtner, G Salvaneschi… - … on Object-Oriented …, 2018 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … ] to create a fault-tolerant reactive programming language for developing distributed reactive  applications. Our extensions retain the syntax … These abstractions enable developers to  program reactive applications without inversion of control. Reactives and their derivations form a …
Statistical frequency-analysis of misconceptions in object-oriented-programming: Regularized pcr models for frequency analysis across oop concepts and related … | R Kelter, M Kramer, T Brinda - … 18th Koli Calling International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Teaching and learning programming constitutes a challenge. One particular focus in  secondary computer science education in Germany is on object-oriented programming (OOP).  While there are multiple misconceptions recorded in literature [13, 21ś23, 25, 26], few of these …
Systematic design of expert system using unified modelling language | DS Maylawati, W Darmalaksana… - IOP Conference Series …, 2018 - iopscience.iop.org | … that uses … systems to solve various problems in accordance with object-oriented modeling  using UML [8] [11] [7]because some studies have implemented all components of the proposed  expert system systematic model despite the fact that some of them did not define the system …
Assessing Learning Outcomes of Course Descriptors Containing Object Oriented Programming Concepts | D Abuaiadah, C Burrell, M Bosu, S Joyce… - New Zealand Journal of …, 2019 - Springer | … It is a convention for all universities to publish course descriptors and make them publicly  available. This study searched for publicly available course … The proposed design is also  relevant because it requires students to develop applications (programs) using OOP concepts and …
Towards language-parametric semantic editor services based on declarative type system specifications (Brave new idea paper) | DAA Pelsmaeker, H van Antwerpen… - … -Oriented Programming  …, 2019 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … We use the Java program in Figure 2 as a running example. The subscripts on program  identifiers are a notational convention we use to … Instead, the approach we use in this paper  uses the expressiveness of the constraints and the flexibility of the Statix constraint solver to …
Teaching Research of Object Oriented Programming Course Based on SPOC and Project-driven | S Xie, L Fan, W Wu - Proceedings of the 2nd International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | From the feature of the object oriented programming course and the students' learning needs,  this paper analyzes the existing problems in the teaching, and puts forward a new teaching  method which combines with SPOC, flipped classroom and project-driven approach. Firstly, …
Mining reusable software components from object-oriented source code using discrete pso and modeling them as java beans | A Rathee, JK Chhabra - Information Systems Frontiers, 2020 - Springer | … Component-oriented programming provides more effective reuse as compared to its  object-oriented language counterpart. This is … object oriented systems via relational concept  analysis. In Proceedings of the 7th international conference on concept lattices and their applications…
Python 3 object-oriented programming: Build robust and maintainable software with object-oriented design patterns in Python 3.8 | D Phillips - 2018 - books.google.com | … Chapter 12, Testing Object-Oriented Programs, opens with why testing is so important in  Python applications. It focuses on test-driven … occur in an initial meeting with the librarian.  Before this meeting, however, we can already sketch out a most basic design for the objects …
Decomposing composite changes for code review and regression test selection in evolving software | B Guo, YW Kwon, M Song - Journal of Computer Science and Technology, 2019 - Springer | Inspecting and testing code changes typically require a significant amount of developer  effort. As a system evolves, developers often create composite changes by mixing multiple  development issues, as opposed to addressing one independent issue — an atomic change. …
Estimation of complexity by using an object oriented metrics approach and its proposed algorithm and models | N Padhy, SC Satapathy… - International Journal of …, 2019 - inderscienceonline.com | … He received a grant of Rs 7lak for SDP from AICTE on ‘Computational intelligence and its  applications to data mining’ in year 2009 as well as … model for object oriented programming  system (OOPS).How to estimate the reusability factor in multi-paradigm languages is another …
Performance comparison of two Java-based actor systems | F Cicirelli, C Nigro, L Nigro, F Pupo - … of Sixth International Congress on …, 2022 - Springer | … its object-oriented support and the availability of features such as multi-threaded  programming… message passing, for Artificial Intelligence applications. Actors were turned  into an … InL Proceedings of the European Conference on object oriented programming (ECOOP)…
The Effects of a Software Artefact Designed to Stimulate Abstract Thinking Ability on the Academic Performance in Object Oriented Programming of First Year … | L Grobbelaar - … and Innovative Computing Applications  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … of first-year IT students particularly delineated to the curriculum dedicated to object-oriented  programming (OOP). The investigating party hypothesized that the stimulation and improvement  of an individual’s abstract thinking ability through the development, implementation and …
An introduction to the major features of a scripting language for JADE agents | G Petrosino, F Bergenti - International Conference of the Italian Association …, 2018 - Springer | … ranging from highly dynamic industrial applications [13] to high-profile management services  [5], we came to the conclusion that a specific … of JADE agents and multi-agent systems,  Jadescript is not an object-oriented language. However, the close relationship with Java is still …
Capability-Based Type Systems for Concurrency Control | E Castegren - 2018 - diva-portal.org | … This paper presents a reference capability approach to concurrentand parallel object-oriented  programming where all uses of aliasesare guaranteed to be data-race free. The static type  of an aliasdescribes its possible sharing without using explicit ownership oreffect …
Object-Oriented Representation of Mixed Models Knowledge in the Design of Electronic Devices in CAD Electra | GA Dolin - 2020 Systems of Signals Generating and …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … during inheritance, the system uses special relationships between … object-oriented  programming in developing RTD design systems is the support of methods that facilitate code reuse.  However, as many researchers note, the effect of introducing an object-oriented programming …
Actor-oriented database systems | PA Bernstein - 2018 IEEE 34th International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Mid-tier applications are often object-oriented, because they involve interactions with large  numbers of objects in the real … programming model is popular for implementing these types  of applications. There are dozens of programming frameworks for building actor applications…
Identifying software components from object-oriented APIs based on dynamic analysis | A Shatnawi, H Shatnawi, MA Saied, ZA Shara… - … of the 26th Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … level compared to the fine-grained object-oriented classes. Moreover, components clearly …  components based on the analysis object-oriented software applications. Nevertheless, most  of … in object-oriented APIs, based on the interactions between client applications and the …
Objects count so count objects! | E Tempero, P Denny, A Luxton-Reilly… - … the 2018 ACM Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … the technique on two corpora containing submissions for a typical first assignment of an  introductory course on object-oriented design. … If the design uses classes from the standard  library, or any third-party libraries, then constructors for those classes will be executed. As we …
Pyleecan: an open-source Python object-oriented software for the multiphysic design optimization of electrical machines | P Bonneel, J Le Besnerais, R Pile… - … Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) is a programming paradigm based on the concept of  “object”. The point of using OOP is to gain in … LGPL license also uses Open Cascade.  Code-Aster and Salome platform are both based on the scripting language Python. ParaView is …
An implementation and evaluation of IoT application development method based on real object-oriented model | H Suzuki, A Koyama - … Journal of Space-Based and Situated …, 2018 - inderscienceonline.com | … He has been a PC member of many international conferences and … programs are  automatically executed by a monitoring program in each device. By such operations, by only  developed the application program based on object-oriented programming, the generated program …
Finally, a Polymorphic Linear Algebra Language (Pearl) | A Shaikhha, L Parreaux - … on Object-Oriented Programming  …, 2019 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … We show the impact of using multi-stage programming on the performance of applications  written using Pilatus in Section 7. Overall, the … [48] in the context of object-oriented programming  languages) is a type-safe approach for embedding [32] domain-specific languages. This …
Implementing modular class-based reuse mechanisms on top of a single inheritance VM | P Tesone, G Polito, L Fabresse, N Bouraqadi… - Proceedings of the 33rd …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Existing object-oriented programming languages propose different ways of combining …  inheritance object-oriented language. These implementations require thus a mapping between  the … the application are already implemented with a given language changing the programming …
Induction, coinduction, and fixed points in PL type theory | MA AbdelGawad - arXiv preprint arXiv:1903.05126, 2019 - arxiv.org | … their approximations, and we discuss in brief the potential relevance of these concepts to  object-oriented programming (OOP) type theory. … Their applications in computer science, in  particular, include ones in programming language semantics—which we touch upon in this …
Functional and Imperative Object-Oriented Programming in Theory and Practice: A Study of Online Discussions in the Programming Community | P Jernlund, M Stenberg - 2019 - diva-portal.org | … programming (FP) has progressively become more prevalent and techniques from the FP  paradigm has been implemented in many different Imperative object-oriented programming  (OOP) languages. … The application domain that was selected was image analysis and it was …
A New Approach for Recovering High-Level Sequence Diagrams from Object-Oriented Applications Using Petri Nets | C BAIDADA, A JAKIMI - Procedia computer science, 2019 - Elsevier | … [8] propose an automatic approach for the reverse engineering of sequence diagrams from  the execution traces of an object-oriented program. They present these traces in the form  of a tree where each node represents a method call. They present four compaction rules, …
Nagini: a static verifier for Python | M Eilers, P Müller - International Conference on Computer Aided …, 2018 - Springer | We present Nagini, an automated, modular verifier for statically-typed, concurrent Python 3  programs, built on the Viper verification infrastructure. Combining established concepts with  new ideas, Nagini can verify memory safety, functional properties, termination, deadlock …
Two-dimensional fracture modeling with the generalized/extended finite element method: An object-oriented programming approach | M Malekan, LL Silva, FB Barros… - … in Engineering Software, 2018 - Elsevier | … Application of object-oriented programming for FEM has been receiving great attention  over the last two decades [56], for example: a FE analysis to solve structural problems using  OOP approach within: Object NAP code [39], FEMOBJ [93], and OOFEM code [70]; a finite …
Few versatile vs. many specialized collections: how to design a collection library for exploratory programming? | S Marr, B Daloze - … on Art, Science, and Engineering of Programming, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … which is an associative array, but also used as basic abstraction for object-oriented  programming. Consequently, tables are used for … In Proceedings of the 2013 ACM SIGPLAN  International Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages & Applications …
Coupling and cohesion metrics for object-oriented software: a systematic mapping study | S Tiwari, SS Rathore - … Innovations in Software Engineering Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In object-oriented programming, coupling is defined how one class is connecting to  another class. It shows the dependency of one class on the other classes. A high value of  coupling reduces reusability and increase maintenance effort of class and thus of software …
Software and reversible systems: a survey of recent activities | CA Mezzina, R Schlatte, R Glück… - … Conference on …, 2020 - library.oapen.org | … activities on reversible software and systems including behavioural types, recovery,  debugging, concurrency, and object-oriented programming. These have the … Object-oriented  (OO) programming uses classes as a means to encapsulate behaviour and state. Classes permit …
Sketch-n-Sketch: Output-Directed Programming for SVG | B Hempel, J Lubin, R Chugh - Proceedings of the 32nd Annual ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … , a programming system for creating vector graphics, with new ODP techniques that enable  the system to construct 16 example programs without text … We also use shape drawing as our  application domain, but we do not hide the program text. Although not as visual as peer PBD …
Migrating from monolithic architecture to microservices: A Rapid Review | F Ponce, G Márquez, H Astudillo - … Conference of the Chilean …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Programming languages Only one proposal uses the SA approach in non-objectoriented  programming languages [34], and no proposals were found that use DA in non-object-oriented  programming languages. This may be due to various reasons (availability of tools to perform …
Imikode: A VR game to introduce OOP concepts | N Bouali, E Nygren, SS Oyelere, J Suhonen… - … Conference on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In this paper, we present a virtual reality (VR) system that supports the teaching and learning  of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) … the solar system, to help students grasp the basics  of programming [7]. Stigall et al. suggest a VR-enabled game which uses pseudocode and …
Verifying object construction | M Kellogg, M Ran, M Sridharan, M Schäf… - … International Conference …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In object-oriented languages, constructors often have a combination of required and optional  formal parameters. It is tedious and … This work shows how to statically verify uses of object  construction, such as the builder pattern. Using a simple specification language, programmers …
Software reusability metrics estimation: algorithms, models and optimization techniques | N Padhy, RP Singh, SC Satapathy - Computers & Electrical Engineering, 2018 - Elsevier | … , but could also ensure optimal reliability of the system for real-time applications. … , cost-efficient  and well-organized object-oriented programming-based software systems, in this research …  , '91 Conference proceedings on object-oriented programming systems, languages, ACM …
First Programming Language for High School Students | R Hendrix, M Weeks - … Teacher Education International Conference, 2018 - learntechlib.org | … programming languages are better suited to beginners than object oriented programming  languages, and conclude that we will use Calq, a procedural programming language … An  Object-Oriented Program usually requires and uses a large amount of memory, increasing the …
Automatic Code Generation of MVC Web Applications | G Paolone, M Marinelli, R Paesani, P Di Felice - Computers, 2020 - mdpi.com | … We can assert that moving from the standard Object-Oriented programming paradigm to  the model-based paradigm made Software Industriale (an Italian small software company,  structured as a network of four branches located in different regions of the Country—https://www.…
Java typestate checker | J Mota, M Giunti, A Ravara - … Conference on Coordination Languages and …, 2021 - Springer | … what a programmer can do, since sharing references is common practice in imperative and  object-oriented programming languages. … Fugue [10] integrates typestates [15] with an  object-oriented programming language, allowing the programmer to add declarative specifications …
Trusted operating system-based model-driven development of secure web applications | N Pathak, G Sharma, BM Singh - Software Engineering, 2019 - Springer | … model of trusted operating system for maintaining the security in various Web applications. As  we know, it is very easier to modify an object-oriented design than source code. The recovered  design of old software describes the existing software system, after that we can design …
Static analysis of shape in TensorFlow programs | S Lagouvardos, J Dolby, N Grech… - … on Object-Oriented …, 2020 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … Machine learning has seen widespread use in recent years, for an enormous variety of  application domains, from vision to language processing to programming tasks [3,23,39] and  well beyond, into mainstream science and engineering. The TensorFlow library [1], originally …
Efficiently manifesting asynchronous programming errors in android apps | L Fan, T Su, S Chen, G Meng, Y Liu, L Xu… - … International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Targeted and depth-first exploration for systematic testing of Android apps. In Proceedings of  the 2013 ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems  Languages & Applications, OOPSLA 2013, part of SPLASH 2013, Indianapolis, IN, USA, …
A spiral model teaching mobile application development in terms of the continuity principle in school and university education | G Aimicheva, Z Kopeyev, Z Ordabayeva… - Education and …, 2020 - Springer | … applications, this is knowledge of the basic principles of programming, basic concepts of  object-oriented programming and the fundamentals of mobile application … instruction for  middle-grades students: A pilot study, Proceedings of the 58th annual meeting of the National …
Brief announcement: Persistent multi-word compare-and-swap | M Pavlovic, A Kogan, VJ Marathe, T Harris - Proceedings of the 2018 …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … SIGPLAN International Conference on Object-Oriented Programming, Systems, Languages,  and Applications. 677–694. [4] Dhruva R. … In Proceedings of the 2014 ACM International  Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages & Applications, OOPSLA …
Study of Reliability of Object-Oriented Structure Consuming CK Metrics | RK Sharma, P Gandhi - 2019 6th International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Structure multifaceted natures have be envisioning assuming a solid job in the nature of the  subsequent programming framework in Object Oriented improvement conditions. Here  manuscript provide the structure of while measure from the code go well with of measurements …
ECA2LD: From entity-component-attribute runtimes to linked data applications | T Spieldenner, R Schubotz, M Guldner - … on Semantic Web of Things for …, 2018 - ceur-ws.org | … [20] provides an object-oriented API for scripting languages to operate on RDF datasets.  However, they found that concepts of object-oriented programming are at times to … In  Proceedings of the 18th international conference on World wide web, pages 621– 630. ACM, 2009. …
A survey of multitier programming | P Weisenburger, J Wirth, G Salvaneschi - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … a systematic feature comparison (Section 4) among homogeneous MT languages (first segment  of Table 1). In this survey, we also include programming frameworks that target distributed  applications … based on the statically typed object-oriented Haxe language that compiles to …
Java Programming Language Learning Application Based on Octalysis Gamification Framework | L Christopher, A Waworuntu - IJNMT (International Journal of …, 2021 - ejournals.umn.ac.id | … to design and build an application to learn java programming language with gamification in  mind. We use Octalysis Gamification Framework to design the usage of game mechanics in the  application. … programming language is a high-level objectoriented programming language …
Multitier modules | P Weisenburger, G Salvaneschi - … Object-Oriented Programming …, 2019 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … In summary, simplifying reasoning about distributed applications, abstracting over network  communication and format conversions, … language to implement all components, multitier  languages have the potential to significantly help programmers developing distributed systems. …
Actors revisited for time-critical systems | M Lohstroh, M Schoeberl, A Goens… - … Conference (DAC), 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … For example, using C++ as a target language is appropriate for resource constrained,  deeply embedded systems, while Python may be a better choice for AI applications and Java  for enterprisescale distributed applications. Moreover, the schedule simplifies reasoning about …
Safe automated refactoring for intelligent parallelization of Java 8 streams | R Khatchadourian, Y Tang, M Bagherzadeh - … of Computer Programming, 2020 - Elsevier | … Streaming APIs are becoming more pervasive in mainstream Object-Oriented programming  languages and platforms. For example, the … streams are used in real-world applications,  which can motivate future language and/or API design. These results advance the state of the …
From Debugging Towards Live Tuning of Reactive Applications | R Mogk, P Weisenburger, J Haas… - … Programming …, 2018 - st.informatik.tu-darmstadt.de | … application behavior. We also suggest how developers of reactive applications can use such  extension to enable flexible tuning of applications … the combination of reactive programming  and live programming allows modifications and tuning of applications while ensuring safety …
Ashy. alRescate (): A videogame for developing basic object oriented programming skills | M Bourgeois, C Cubillos, R Mellado… - … Conference of the …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … videogame called Ashy.alRescate () that aims to teach the subject of object-oriented  programming (OOP) in Java programming language through the mixture of a baseline story  of the videogame with the implementation of programming code. The student …
Selected problems of designing modern industrial databases | D Karpisz, A Kiełbus - MATEC Web of Conferences, 2018 - matec-conferences.org | … and in particular of object-oriented programming has caused a change from data modelling  to the modelling of applications. The increase of … of sharing data model between many  applications needs a reversion to data analysis and design and it is presented in the article. …
Comparing test-driven development and pair programming to improve the learning of programming languages | MA Eierman, J Iversen - … Association for Information Systems, 2018 - aisel.aisnet.org | … The basis of the study is a survey of students who have completed two programming  courses that use the C# programming language and use both pair programming and testdriven  development techniques to support learning of object-oriented programming. The results …
Aspect composition for multiple target languages using LARA | P Pinto, T Carvalho, J Bispo, MA Ramalho… - … Languages, Systems & …, 2018 - Elsevier | … reuse of aspects, and to significant effort reductions when developing weavers for new  imperative, object-oriented programming languages. … As such, for seamless integration between  aspect and application code, we need access and support to language features. In fact, most …
An informative test code approach in code writing problem for three object-oriented programming concepts in java programming learning assistant system | KK Zaw, W Zaw, N Funabiki, WC Kao - IAENG International Journal of …, 2019 - iaeng.org | … For the server platform, it adopts the operating system Linux, the Web server Apache, the  application server Tomcat, and the database … concepts for the object-oriented programming  (OOP) in this paper. OOP is a methodology or paradigm to design a program using classes and …
Using object capabilities and effects to build an authority-safe module system: poster | D Melicher, Y Shi, V Zhao, A Potanin… - Proceedings of the 5th …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … of our effect system design is effect abstraction, which: • gives software developers flexibility  to choose a level of effect abstraction based on the importance of various resources in the  application (eg, using the higher-level, logging effects vs. the lower-level, file-system effects); • …
Design patterns impact on software quality: Where are the theories? | F Khomh, YG Guéhéneuc - … IEEE 25th International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … First, we study again all papers and associated each found term with each paper that uses  … object-oriented programming languages. He solves these problems with a layered object  model, LayOM. LayOM is an object-oriented language that provides explicit support for design …
An Automated Assessment System for Analysis of Coding Convention Violations in Java Programming Assignments. | HM Chen, WH Chen, CC Lee - J. Inf. Sci. Eng., 2018 - researchgate.net | … , the size of assignment code in the Object-oriented Programming course is far smaller than  that in the Mobile Application … , programming history, and code quality. In order to examine  the effect of the developed system, we applied it in the course of Object-oriented Programming …
Thing/machine-s (thimacs) applied to structural description in software engineering | S Al-Fedaghi - IJCSIS) International Journal of Computer Science …, 2019 - papers.ssrn.com | … Despite the obvious allusion to object-oriented programming in the naming of object-oriented …  Object-oriented software applications handle historical information by listing interaction  objects. … understanding of object-oriented programming,” ACM Conference on Object-Oriented …
Codata in action | P Downen, Z Sullivan, ZM Ariola… - … on Programming, 2019 - library.oapen.org | … We believe codata is a common ground between the functional and object-oriented paradigms;  … object-oriented programming—simultaneously shows how to extend an object-oriented …  SIGPLAN Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages and Applications…
Semi-automatic suggestion generation for young novice programmers in an open-ended context | M Ichinco, C Kelleher - … the 17th ACM Conference on Interaction Design …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … system determines the behavior of code using information retrieval techniques on the code  and description text [33, 36]. Our approach uses … In Companion to the 21st ACM SIGPLAN  symposium on Object-oriented programming systems, languages, and applications. ACM, 681–…
Same Same But Different: Interoperability of Software Product Line Variants | F Damiani, R Hähnle, E Kamburjan… - Principled Software …, 2018 - Springer | … multiple variants from one product line within the same application. We experienced the need  for such a … variable system, but a system with highly variable subsystems. Based on MPL  concepts and delta-oriented oriented programming, we present a novel solution to the design …
Identifying and visualizing variability in object-oriented variability-rich systems | X Tërnava, J Mortara, P Collet - … and Software Product Line Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … and application of a toolchain, symfinder, which automatically identifies and visualizes  places with symmetry. The publicly available application to several large open-source systems  … In object-oriented programming, a class is an extensible code template for creating objects, …
An event driven approach to create UML models | W Naiyapo, W Jumpamule - … and Engineering Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Object Oriented can simply explain for those involved to learn and understand the system.  The Object Oriented concepts are relevant and ongoing with Object Oriented … This paper  presents the event driven approach that creates the Unified Modeling Language (UML) models. …
The dynamic practice and static theory of gradual typing | M Greenberg - … Summit on Advances in Programming Languages …, 2019 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … a novel, hybrid cast insertion strategy in an object-oriented setting [7]. Greenman and Felleisen  … What do we have so far, and how close are we to meeting the challenges I’ve laid out? … In  Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages and Applications (OOPSLA), pages 793–…
The essence of nested composition | X Bi, BCS Oliveira, T Schrijvers - … Object-Oriented Programming  …, 2018 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … We believe NeColus provides insights into family polymorphism, and has potential for practical  applications for extensible software … With the combination of parametric polymorphism  and nested composition, an interesting application that we intend to investigate is native …
A clustering based on optimization for object oriented quality prediction | M Thakur, K Patidar, S Chouhan… - International Journal of …, 2018 - search.proquest.com | … modules quality estimation based on the object oriented measures. The modules conceded  are object oriented programs in our case java based programming are used. The parameters  … In international conference on machine learning and applications 2017 (pp. 586-92). IEEE. …
STEROIDS for DOPed applications: A compiler for automated data-oriented programming | J Pewny, P Koppe, T Holz - 2019 IEEE European Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … programming language called SLANG, which can be used to describe DOP programs. Using  descriptions of the DOP gadgets available from a specific vulnerability of a specific application  (… categories in mind, eg, with a naming convention to rule out accidental mix-ups, one can …
Large-scale analysis of framework-specific exceptions in android apps | L Fan, T Su, S Chen, G Meng, Y Liu… - … Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … For app developers, it is a key priority to ensure their apps' correctness and reliability. However,  many apps still suffer from occasional to … Over a four-month long effort, we have collected  16,245 unique exception traces from 2,486 open-source Android apps, and observed that …
Programming Language Support for Natural Language Interaction | A Renda, H Goldstein, S Bird, C Quirk… - … SysML conference, 2018 - systemsandml.org | … language-based interactions, however, has run ahead of engineering tools to support them.  We propose new language constructs to mitigate sources of complexity when designing NLU  applications… a Monday meeting with Valeria, classify its intent as Schedule, highlight Valeria …
Project-based learning approach for teaching mobile application development using visualization technology | Z Nurbekova, V Grinshkun, G Aimicheva… - … Journal of Emerging …, 2020 - learntechlib.org | … As it is known, to acquire the mobile application development better it is necessary to focus on  the development of skills … and application of object-oriented programming concepts  (abstraction, encapsulation, inheritance, polymorphism) and design patterns in mobile application …
Type regression testing to detect breaking changes in Node. js libraries | G Mezzetti, A Møller, MT Torp - … on Object-Oriented Programming …, 2018 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … programming languages like Java, even without versioning systems, the type system is  helpful for detecting many situations where an upgrade of a library causes an application … For  example, if the type signature of a library method has changed, the application code no longer …
Hpx-the c++ standard library for parallelism and concurrency | H Kaiser, P Diehl, AS Lemoine, BA Lelbach… - Journal of Open …, 2020 - joss.theoj.org | … these challenges, providing application developers with a productive and performant  approach to programming on next generation systems. … In Proceedings of the eighth annual  conference on Object-oriented programming systems, languages, and applications (pp. 91–108). …
Child Development Application (Toddler) Based on Android | N Syahputri, U Indriani, O Alfina, E Astuti… - … Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … this language can be used to compile programs on various operating systems [10]. Java is  a versatile objectoriented programming language … the development of GUI (Graphical User  Interface) applications, development of client/server applications and internet applications [12]. …
2D visualization for object-oriented software systems | M Alnabhan, A Hammouri, M Hammad… - … Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … [2] proposed a forest metaphor approach to enhance the evolving object oriented software  system. In this approach, the metrics are mapped into the properties of the tree. The height  of the tree presents the size (LOC), the number of branches presents the NEMOS and the …
Typed first-class traits | X Bi, BCS Oliveira - … on Object-Oriented Programming (ECOOP …, 2018 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … uses for firstclass traits, and a case study that modularizes programming language interpreters  using a highly modular form of visitors. … several example uses for first-class traits. Furthermore  we conduct a case study that modularizes programming language interpreters using a …
Differential Datalog. | L Ryzhyk, M Budiu - Datalog, 2019 - budiu.info | … To make such applications easier to implement we have created … the language because  many practical applications have data models that contain nested collections; by supporting  collection-valued columns natively in DDlog we can more easily interface with such applications, …
Defining a high-level programming model for emerging NVRAM technologies | T Shull, J Huang, J Torrellas - … Conference on Managed Languages & …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … To rectify this situation, in this paper we describe a new programming model for durable  applications in NVRAM which is intuitive, not … In Proceedings of the 2014 ACM International  Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages & Applications (OOPSLA ’14). …
Tracing the linkage of several Unified Modelling Language diagrams in software modelling based on best practices | DS Maylawati, MA Ramdhani… - International Journal of …, 2018 - digilib.uinsgd.ac.id | … as the primary source of analysis object oriented software design with UML The method  that … design have to be modelled, one method of software analysis and design modelling  uses … design method is evolved as the development trend of objectoriented programming [3]–[7]. …
On preserving the behavior in software refactoring: A systematic mapping study | EA AlOmar, MW Mkaouer, C Newman… - Information and Software …, 2021 - Elsevier | … 47 PSs published on identifying refactoring opportunities in object-oriented code. AlDallal’s  review … 76 PSs and classified based on refactoring quality attributes of object-oriented code.  … The PSs were published in 18 different sources including journals and conferences. The list …
Teacher Mate: A Support Tool for Teaching Code Quality | DMN Araújo, DM Eler, RE Garcia - … Conference on Information Technology …, 2020 - Springer | … the difficulties among six classes of a object-oriented programming course. Our findings show  … This tool uses a source code analysis tool for static code inspection, to identify the violations  … the difficulties among six classes of the Object-Oriented Programming course, from 2013 to …
An adaptive e-learning platform with VARK learning styles to support the learning of object orientation | FS Díaz, TP Rubilar, CC Figueroa… - … Education Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … who are studying subjects of object-oriented programming in Java language and are  differentiated with a … uses visual style plus aural, read/write or kinesthetic. The mixture is because  it is frequent that engineering degrees that have object-oriented programming mainly uses …
Improvement of students' engineering skills in numerical modelling of the structural systems | A Vrdoljak, V Akmadzic - … , University of East Sarajevo, Faculty of …, 2019 - infoteh.etf.ues.rs.ba | … These are four modules within SE_Calc software, two have been implemented in the object–  oriented programming language C#, within … standalone applications with a user-friendly  interface is well known, and in particular its ability to combine drawing and programming tools at …
Feature-oriented contract composition | T Thüm, A Knüppel, S Krüger, S Bolle… - Journal of Systems and …, 2019 - Elsevier | … A challenge to overcome is composition; similar to inheritance in object-oriented programming,  features of a product line may refine other … Consequently, our findings inherently have many  applications. Second, contracts help to identify the location of defects by means of blame …
Nullaway: Practical type-based null safety for java | S Banerjee, L Clapp, M Sridharan - … Conference and Symposium on the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Declaring and checking non-null types in an object-oriented language. In Proceedings of  the 2003 ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Object-Oriented Programming Systems, Languages  and Applications, OOPSLA 2003, October 26-30, 2003, Anaheim, CA, USA. 302ś312. https://…
Towards formalizing microservices architectural patterns with Event-B | S Vergara, L González, R Ruggia - … IEEE International Conference on …, 2020 - computer.org | … Formal approaches for reasoning on the deployment of,microservices architectures have  also been proposed [35].,However, to the best of our knowledge, Event-B has not,been  used for microservices patterns or applications.,IV. C,ONCLUSIONS AND,F,UTURE,W,ORK,This …
A Modern-Fortran Program for Chemical Kinetics on Top of Anharmonic Vibrational Calculations | S Nandi, D Calderini, J Bloino, S Rampino… - … and Its Applications, 2019 - Springer | … We discuss the design and implementation of StarRate, a modern-Fortran program for the …  The program is written in the F language, a carefully crafted subset of Fortran 95, and is  conceived in an object-based programming paradigm, ie the set of object-oriented programming …
Analyzing, Designing and Implementing a Web-Based Auction online System | R Aldaej, L Alfowzan, R Alhashem… - … Journal of Applied …, 2018 - ripublication.com | … system will handle, while data flows will describe the functions [61, 62]. Object-oriented  software development uses new methods of design, … In Object-Oriented analysis and design,  the class diagram is the most essential entity. It defines the kinds of objects that are present in the …
Multi-object search using object-oriented pomdps | A Wandzel, Y Oh, M Fishman, N Kumar… - … Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … As with a conventional object-oriented programming language, there are two levels of  organization in an OO-POMDP: classes and objects… from language, and operate in real-world  environments. Our solution uses a keyword language model for generating language commands …
Graph Transformation | L Lambers, J Weber - 2018 - Springer | … : Applications and Foundations (STAF) is a federation of leading conferences on software …  The conferences address all aspects of software technology, from object-oriented design, …  TOOLS conference series that played a key role in the deployment of object-oriented technologies…
Is rust used safely by software developers? | AN Evans, B Campbell, ML Soffa - … International Conference on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … programmer-assisted automated checks, additional tooling to help developers identify uses  of unsafe, and more visible code reviews to audit uses of … In Proceedings of the 11th ACM  SIGPLAN Conference on Objectoriented Programming, Systems, Languages, and Applications (…
Static typing of complex presence constraints in interfaces | N Oostvogels, J De Koster… - … -Oriented Programming  …, 2018 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … applications that are close to our work: refinement types for dynamic programming languages  and object-oriented programming languages… introduce Hoop [13], a hybrid object-oriented  programming language with refinement types and object invariants. Hoop requires …
Information structuring of diagram repository for UML diagrams | YH Kim - Journal of the Korea Institute of Information and …, 2019 - koreascience.or.kr | … Because object interactions are the body of object-oriented programming, this paper handles  especially the sequence diagrams and class diagrams among UML diagrams. Based on  class diagrams, sequence diagrams represent the procedure of object interactions in run-time …
A systematic literature review: Refactoring for disclosing code smells in object oriented software | S Singh, S Kaur - Ain Shams Engineering Journal, 2018 - Elsevier | … Conferences, Workshops and premier journals, theses of researchers and book chapters. …  code smells, anti-patterns, object oriented design and refactoring and software maintenance with  … Two applications coded in Smalltalk and Java language were used for the interface using …
Deep object comparison for interface-based regression testing of software components | T Potuzak, R Lipka - … Conference on Computer Science and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … RELATED WORK The issue of object equality in object-oriented languages is discussed in  … Java programming language, since our current implementation is written in this language.  … conference on Object oriented programming systems languages and applications, Tuscon, …
A systematic literature review on the detection of smells and their evolution in object‐oriented and service‐oriented systems | F Sabir, F Palma, G Rasool… - Software: Practice …, 2019 - Wiley Online Library | … We also found some unique studies from the domain of RESTful APIs (application programming  interfaces) and on … conferences, and the rest are published in various journals. A slight  shift from conference to journal articles shows the importance of considering both conference …
Custom Configure Price Quote | K Ashokkumar, PSK Kiriti… - … International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Salesforce CRM uses APEX, an object oriented programming language. Using Apex as  coding language one can customize business process … control statements in Salesforce  server in Apex which is conjunction with calls to API and it is an Object Oriented Programming. …
Selection of tools of automation of business processes of a manufacturing enterprise | AV Babkin, SN Kuzmina, AV Oplesnina… - … Conference" Quality …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To simplify the work of enterprise employees, a method has been proposed to automate  processes using the object-oriented programming language Visual Basic for Application and  the Business Studio software for modeling business processes, as well as for collecting and …
Reconciling the past and the present: An empirical study on the application of source code transformations to automatically rejuvenate Java programs | R Dantas, A Carvalho, D Marcilio… - … Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … involving the refactoring of real systems towards programming language evolution, which  leads … it to refactor a Java legacy system to use new programming language constructs and  idioms? … Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages and Applications, …
Facilitating the evolutionary modifications in distributed apps via automated refactoring | K An - International Conference on Web Engineering, 2019 - Springer | … mixing of dissimilar languages and frameworks, used at the client and server ends of web  applications. Nonetheless, using the same programming language for both the … Cross-platform  web applications are written in JavaScript by using various application frameworks. These …
A systematic literature review of machine learning techniques for software maintainability prediction | H Alsolai, M Roper - Information and Software Technology, 2020 - Elsevier | … to the prediction of maintainability of object-oriented software systems using machine learning  … We survey 56 relevant studies in 35 journals and 21 conference proceedings. The results  … derived from systems written in Classic-Ada as the object-oriented programming language. …
Mapping of Activities for Object-Oriented System Analysis. | L Leimane, O Nikiforova - Appl. Comput. Syst., 2018 - sciendo.com | … The paper describes the result of the research on object-oriented system analysis in a form of  … Listed object-oriented concepts are therefore modelled or one could simply put it – visualised  in different diagrams, which characterise both the static and dynamic structure of a system…
A type and effect system for uniqueness and immutability | P Giannini, M Servetto, E Zucca - Proceedings of the 33rd Annual ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We adopt the convention that a metavariable … The calculus is designed with an object-oriented  flavour, inspired by Featherweight Java [20]. This is only a presentation choice: all the ideas  and results of the paper could be easily rephrased, eg, in a ML-like syntax with data type …
Safe stream-based programming with refinement types | B Stein, L Clapp, M Sridharan… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We implement the system as an annotation-based Java typechecker for Android programs built  upon the popular ReactiveX framework and evaluate its efficacy by annotating and analyzing  8 open-source apps, where we find 33 instances of unsafe UI access while incurring an …
Pallene: a statically typed companion language for lua | HM Gualandi, R Ierusalimschy - … on Programming Languages, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … rate languages to write a program: a low-level system language for the parts of the program  … Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages & Applications (OOPSLA  … of the 32nd Annual Conference on Object-oriented Programming Systems, Languages, and …
Interoperability of software product line variants | F Damiani, R Hähnle, E Kamburjan… - … Product Line Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … , we illustrate the design challenges with examples written in the ABS language [12]: ABS is  an ObjectOriented language with a syntax close … In Proceedings of the ACM International  Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages and Applications. ACM, New …
Intermittent deep neural network inference | G Gobieski, N Beckmann, B Lucia - SysML Conference, 2018 - mlsys.org | … Chain: Tasks and Channels for Reliable Intermittent Programs. In Proceedings of the  ACM International Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages and  Applications (OOPSLA). [8] Alexei Colin, Emily Ruppel, and Brandon Lucia. 2018. …
Design of geographic information system for tracer study | L Fitriani, D Tresnawati, S Rahayu - IOP Conference Series …, 2018 - iopscience.iop.org | … The methodology used in this article is an objectoriented methodology with Unified Software  … Modelling Language (UML) modelling, in which this article is limited to the stage of the design  … with object-oriented programming algorithm, that uses UML (Unified Modelling Language) …
An organized repository of ethereum smart contracts' source codes and metrics | GA Pierro, R Tonelli, M Marchesi - Future internet, 2020 - mdpi.com | … provide a natural way to model data that is closely aligned with object-oriented programming.  Each document is considered an object in … In Proceedings of the Conference Proceedings  on Object-Oriented Programming Systems, Languages, and Applications, Phoenix, AZ, USA, …
Reactive programming experience with rescala | R Mogk, G Salvaneschi, M Mezini - … , and Engineering of Programming, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … 41] and has spread from the original purely functional setting into imperative and object-oriented  languages [3… However, little literature exists on developing applications in the reactive  paradigm beyond the small case studies used to exemplify or evaluate each new RP language…
Definite Reference Mutability | A Milanova - … Conference on Object-Oriented Programming  …, 2018 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … Reference immutability can alleviate the imprecision arising from equality constraints – if  the left-hand-side of the assignment is readonly, then subtyping is safe – allowing for more  correct programs to type check. In summary, because of its many applications, reference …
Design patterns for gas optimization in ethereum | L Marchesi, M Marchesi, G Destefanis… - 2020 IEEE …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … language for designing software architecture, that they presented at the OOPSLA Conference  (Object-Oriented Programming Systems, Languages and Applications) [… -Oriented) design  only in 1994 with the publication of the book entitled "Design Patterns: Elements of Reusable …
Data structures and dynamic memory management in reversible languages | MH Cservenka, R Glück, T Haulund… - International Conference …, 2018 - Springer | … In the following sections we make use of reversible object-oriented code and abstractions to  … object-oriented programming language ROOPL++ [3] to the reversible assembly language  PISA [6… of graphs with cycles could have applications for the simulation of automatons, regular …
An object-oriented modeling approach to virtual prototyping of marine operation systems based on functional mock-up interface co-simulation | Y Chu, LI Hatledal, V Æsøy… - Journal of …, 2018 - asmedigitalcollection.asme.org | … presents an object-oriented modeling (OOM) approach to model development of marine  operation systems, specifically the hydraulic systems of … The reasons include that most of  these systems are application dependent, which makes it difficult to develop or maintain generic …
Modeling and coverage analysis of programs with exception handling | ESF Najumudheen, R Mall, D Samanta - … Conference (formerly known as …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … object-oriented programs. Our technique is based on our previous work on coverage analysis.  We first propose a program model, Augmented Call-based Object-Oriented System … be  applicable for real-time and embedded applications. The impact of the slowdown in execution …
A survey on the use of access permission-based specifications for program verification | A Sadiq, YF Li, S Ling - Journal of Systems and Software, 2020 - Elsevier | … Preventing such errors is important to ensure the compliance of API (Application  Programming Interface) protocols in object-oriented programs and to verify the correctness of  increasingly ubiquitous multi-threaded applications. Modern object-oriented programs are highly …
A review on search-based tools and techniques to identify bad code smells in object-oriented systems | A Kaur, G Dhiman - Harmony search and nature inspired optimization …, 2019 - Springer | … techniques to identify code smell from the source code of object-oriented systems. The  classification of code bad smells approaches is … category is associated with circumstances,  where system does not exploit spontaneous and noticeable features of object- oriented design …
Automatically translating bug reports into test cases for mobile apps | M Fazzini, M Prammer, M d'Amorim… - Proceedings of the 27th …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … uses a combination of program analysis and natural language processing techniques to  generate executable test cases from bug reports. We implemented Yakusu for Android apps …  words that follow a camel case convention, both of which are common occurrences in apps [40]. …
Object-oriented modeling and control of delta robots | SA Bortoff - … on Control Technology and Applications (CCTA), 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Object-oriented modeling offers a technical approach and a set of potent tools to address  these needs. In particular, the modeling language Modelica has been developed for largescale,  heterogeneous, dynamic systems based on the principles of object-oriented programming, …
A randomized controlled trial on the impact of polyglot programming in a database context | PM Uesbeck - Open access series in informatics, 2019 - par.nsf.gov | … The second group (non-polyglot) had to create a query by building it from objects in a series  of method calls in a more object-oriented … be reasonable in programming languages. As  the polyglot group uses two distinct languages and the hybrid group mixes languages while …
An empirical study to improve software security through the application of code refactoring | H Mumtaz, M Alshayeb, S Mahmood, M Niazi - Information and Software …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Next, the object-oriented design and security metrics are calculated for the five investigated  systems. Later, refactoring is … object-oriented and security metrics are again calculated  after removing bad smells to assess its impact on the design and security attributes of systems…
Is this class thread-safe? inferring documentation using graph-based learning | A Habib, M Pradel - … of the 33rd ACM/IEEE International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … They are the corner stone of concurrent, object-oriented programs. A thread-safe class  encapsulates all necessary synchronization required to … object-oriented programs often rely on  thread-safe classes to cast away the burden of ensuring the thread safety of their applications. …
Textual variability modeling languages: An overview and considerations | MH Beek, K Schmid, H Eichelberger - … Software Product Line Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … that was developed in an industrial project, with specific constraints to ease reasoning  particularly for applications in the video domain. … Some languages allow the derivation of  new types, eg, through a form of inheritance like in object-oriented languages, type composition, …
From prose to prototype: Synthesising executable uml models from natural language | GJ Ramackers, PP Griffioen… - … Conference on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We can generate an application from natural language with this pipeline, but several other  components are important to enhance our solution. … In Companion of the 17th annual ACM  SIGPLAN conference on Object-oriented programming, systems, languages, and applications, …
Exploring api: Client co-evolution | AM Eilertsen, AH Bagge - Proceedings of the 2nd International Workshop …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … interface in an object-oriented language, like Java, we hope that … To facilitate this, our tool  stores facts as semantic triples5 in the Graal knowledge base [1], making it possible to query  them using the SPARQL6 querying language or a logic/inference system such as Prolog or …
Property caches revisited | M Serrano, M Feeley - Proceedings of the 28th International Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … the classical programming patterns of traditional class-based object-oriented languages.  This will naturally favor polymorphic programming, … the web browser but since some time  it is also used extensively to program the server-side of web applications. Today, various operating …
Novel multiperspective hiring framework for the selection of software programmer applicants based on AHP and group TOPSIS techniques | AA Zaidan, BB Zaidan, MA Alsalem… - … Journal of Information …, 2020 - World Scientific | … programmer applicants according to multiple criteria, namely, structured programming,  object-oriented programming, data structure, database system … This study benefits application  software, system software and computer programming tool companies by providing a method …
Applying aspect-oriented change realization in the mobile application domain | S Kostova, V Vranić - … on Art, Science, and Engineering of Programming, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In this paper, we explore the applicability of the change types gathered in this catalog for the  mobile application … applications for Android. The study revealed that the change types known  from the web application domain are in their essence applicable to the mobile application …
A survey of metaprogramming languages | Y Lilis, A Savidis - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … For safety, it uses macro-language types to check target-language syntax and uses dataflow  … For object-oriented languages, reflection is closely coupled with the notion of having  independent … Mirrors: Design principles for meta-level facilities of object-oriented programming …
The relevance of application domains in empirical findings | A Capiluppi, N Ajienka - 2019 - irep.ntu.ac.uk | … systems, we derive their application domains using the Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA)  approach. We then evaluate a suite of object-oriented … Research studies based on OSS systems  have exponentially increased: only in the MSR series of conferences, the growth in number …
A creative game design and programming app | J Chatain, O Bitter, V Fayolle, RW Sumner… - Motion, Interaction and …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Each instance internally links to a type and uses its rules, mimicking object-oriented programming  concepts. Instances can be deleted by … In Conference Proceedings on Objectoriented  Programming Systems, Languages and Applications (OOPSLA ’89). ACM, 123–137. https://…
Direwolf model academy: an extensible collaborative modeling framework on the web | I Koren, R Klamma, M Jarke - Modellierung (Companion), 2020 - ceur-ws.org | … It is based on modern standards like SVG and Web Components; it uses object-oriented  programming principles enabled by the latest generation of JavaScript. We already employ  tool instances in the areas of user interface generation from service description …
Expert System for Deciding a Solution of Mechanical Failure in a Car using Case-based Reasoning | A Rahman, C Slamet, W Darmalaksana… - IOP Conference …, 2018 - iopscience.iop.org | … The result of this study indicates an on line expert system where the application not only can  be effectively utilized by specialized … object oriented design methodology that employs use  cases in software design. OOSE is one of the precursors of the Unified Modeling Language (…
Towards inheritance in graph databases | K Rabuzin, M Šestak - … Conference on Information Management …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … objectoriented programming paradigm are implemented in databases. The impedance  mismatch problem between different technologies (eg, relational and object-oriented) … objects  in the domain model of an application written in Java programming language [6]. The introduced …
Accelerating dynamically-typed languages on heterogeneous platforms using guards optimization | M Qunaibit, S Brunthaler, Y Na… - … Conference on Object …, 2018 - lirias.kuleuven.be | … However, when such applications are written in dynamic languages such as Python or R, as  they 23 increasingly are, things become less … programming 83 languages such as Python,  we find that the emphases are reversed: most of the work in the 84 dynamic languages …
JEff: Objects for effect | P Inostroza, T van der Storm - … , and Reflections on Programming and …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … well-known from object-oriented languages. In this paper we introduce JEff, an object-oriented  programming language with native support for effect handling, to provide first answers to the  question what it would mean to integrate object-oriented programming with effect handling…
Vizir: A Domain-Specific Graphical Language for Authoring and Operating Airport Automations | S Conversy, J Garcia, G Buisan, M Cousy… - Proceedings of the 31st …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … languages (DSLs) are tailored to a specific application domain and offer “substantial gains  in expressiveness and ease of use compared with generalpurpose programming languages  in their domain of application… support, whilst simultaneously meeting the established safety …
Constructing a service software with microservices | FJ Wang, F Fahmi - 2018 IEEE World Congress on Services …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … of the application can get a big improvement. In this paper, we introduce an approach to  constructing a software with layered and … microservices using object-oriented specifications.  The proposed approach could increase the concurrency of the application system and …
Djnn/Smala: A conceptual framework and a language for interaction-oriented programming | M Magnaudet, S Chatty, S Conversy, S Leriche… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Finally, we illustrate through a real-size application how it enables building all parts of an …  reactive programming noticeably by introducing new event-based facilities in object-oriented …  In Proceedings of the working conference on Advanced visual interfaces (AVI ’06). ACM, 51…
Software language engineering in the large: towards composing and deriving languages | K Hölldobler, B Rumpe, A Wortmann - Computer Languages, Systems & …, 2018 - Elsevier | … , and derivation of new languages based on language components. To this end, we  discuss ways to design, combine, and derive modeling languages in all their relevant aspects.  We illustrate the application of advanced language engineering throughout the paper, which …
Role-based adaptation of domain reference models: suggestion of a novel approach | H Schön - Tagungsband Multikonferenz …, 2018 - mkwi2018.leuphana.de | … application model can be used to describe systems in more detail, and, if available, can be  implemented with a role supporting programming language… The paper at hand presents the  outline of an approach that is intended to solve this problem for object-oriented models (eg, …
VR‐Rides: An object‐oriented application framework for immersive virtual reality exergames | Y Wang, K Ijaz, D Yuan… - Software: Practice and …, 2020 - Wiley Online Library | … Since OOAF is the most effective approach for incorporating the domain-specific knowledge  into designs, an OOAF meeting the domain … , 34, 35 These frameworks usually follow the  composition over inheritance principle in object-oriented programming, in which classes should …
Not so fast: Analyzing the performance of webassembly vs. native code | A Jangda, B Powers, ED Berger, A Guha - … Annual Technical Conference …, 2019 - usenix.org | … for running user-facing applications, and until recently, JavaScript was the only programming  language supported by all major web … perspective of programming language design, JavaScript  is also notoriously difficult to compile efficiently [12, 17, 30, 31]. Applications written in or …
Information flow complexity analysis for design flaws detection in object-oriented software | S Mekruksavanich - 2019 Joint International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … whereby threshold determination is enhanced for application within a metric-based system  of flaw detection which makes use of the … object-oriented design modules in order to detect  design flaws. The design modules are first chosen for flaw detection within the software system…
Assessment of optimum refactoring sequence to improve the software quality of object-oriented software | S Tarwani, A Chug - Journal of Information and Optimization …, 2020 - Taylor & Francis | … Till now, projects based on java languages are used but later on authors are planning to  conduct this study for other object-oriented programming languages also. Refactoring as  defined by Fowler needs to be applied in a controlled manner, therefore, authors are planning to …
A comparison of object-triple mapping libraries | M Ledvinka, P Křemen - Semantic Web, 2020 - content.iospress.com | … require adequate architecture for data authoring and validation, typically using the object-oriented  paradigm. So far, several … object-oriented application developer’s needs. For the  performance comparison, we introduce a benchmark based on a real-world information system …
Active inductive logic programming for code search | A Sivaraman, T Zhang… - … Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We design a query language to model the structure and semantics of code as logic facts.  Given a code example with user annotations, … to the 21st ACM SIGPLAN symposium on  Object-oriented programming systems, languages, and applications. ACM, 2006, pp. 681–682. …
A collaborative approach to teaching software startups: findings from a study using challenge based learning | R Chanin, A Sales, A Santos… - 2018 IEEE/ACM 11th …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The context we have studied is a two-year mobile application training program focused  on iOS technology. Curriculum includes the following topics: Object-Oriented Programming,  User Interface (UI) Components, Model View Controller, Data sources, Navigation, Animations …
Modular call graph construction for security scanning of Node. js applications | BB Nielsen, MT Torp, A Møller - Proceedings of the 30th ACM SIGSOFT …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Most of the code in typical Node. js applications comes from third-party libraries that consist  of a large number of interdependent modules. Because of the dynamic features of JavaScript,  it is difficult to obtain detailed information about the module dependencies, which is vital for …
Aocml: A domain-specific language for model-driven development of activity-oriented context-aware applications | XS Li, XP Tao, W Song, K Dong - Journal of Computer Science and …, 2018 - Springer | … The interfaces of PAOC API are based on an object-oriented model which is similar to the  metamodel of AOCA applications (Fig.4). The main con… In our work, we view the smart meeting  room scenario in the perspective of AOCA applications. More specifically, the development …
Camaroptera: A batteryless long-range remote visual sensing system | M Nardello, H Desai, D Brunelli, B Lucia - … -Neutral Sensing Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Chain: Tasks and channels for reliable intermittent programs. In Proceedings of the ACM  International Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages and Applications  (OOPSLA), 2016. [12] Kasım Sinan Yıldırım, Amjad Yousef Majid, Dimitris Patoukas, Koen …
Abstraction of UML Class Diagram from the Input Java Program | RN Kulkarni, PPR Prasad - … Networking And Applications, 2021 - search.proquest.com | … behind object-oriented programming are and the claims of Languages that support object-oriented  ontology. Since Java is an object-oriented programming language, the topics discussed in  the paper are useful in abstraction of class components from java program. In paper [8], …
Detecting atomicity violations for event-driven Node. js applications | X Chang, W Dou, Y Gao, J Wang… - … Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … summarize the file system APIs in Node.js into basic access types, and regard each API as  one or multiple basic access types, eg, read and write. For the second challenge, we design  happens-before model to capture partial order among events in Node.js applications. For the …
Dynamic coupling metrics for object oriented software | R Arora, M Kumar - Int. J. Res. Anal. Rev, 2018 - ijrar.com | … with runtime through simulations that's leads to used real-time applications. IOC and EOC  [2] metrics use ROOM (Real-time Object-Oriented modeling) models to leads to identify the  aspects of the dynamic object-oriented programs. From this, we can pre-predict the further …
Modeling language variability with reusable language components | A Butting, R Eikermann, O Kautz, B Rumpe… - … Line Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In this example, every language variant of the product line uses class diagrams to model the  application’s structure. The behavior of … The target language of code generation is typically  a general purpose language, eg, an object-oriented programming language. These generally …
A meta language for threat modeling and attack simulations | P Johnson, R Lagerström, M Ekstedt - … the 13th International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … languages uses different formalisms and logic to build up their syntax and semantics, eg the  Unified Modelling Language and the Object Constraint Language… To foster the reuse of class  definitions, MAL features inheritance in a manner similar to other object-oriented languages…
An object-oriented interface to the sparse polyhedral library | T Popoola, R Shankar, A Rift, S Singh… - … , and Applications …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This work contributes an object-oriented API that wraps the SPF intermediate representation  (IR) and integrates the Inspector/Executor Generation Library and Omega+ for precise set and  relation manipulation and code generation. The result is a well-specified definition of a full …
Benchmarking implementations of term rewriting and pattern matching in algebraic, functional, and object-oriented languages | H Garavel, MA Tabikh, IS Arrada - … on Rewriting Logic and its Applications, 2018 - Springer | … and compilers for a number of algebraic, functional, and object-oriented languages, and we  report about the results obtained for … Compiler Functional programming Interpreter Object-oriented  programming Programming language Specification … Download conference paper PDF …
Conflictjs: finding and understanding conflicts between javascript libraries | J Patra, PN Dixit, M Pradel - … of the 40th International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … For each example, we show code from two conflicting libraries and a client application that  observes different behavior depending on … Our evaluation uses 951 real-world JavaScript  libraries with a total of 2,750,852 lines of JavaScript code (Table 3). The libraries include the …
Solving large Markov models described with standard programming language | P Pecka, MP Nowak, A Rataj, S Nowak - International Symposium on …, 2018 - Springer | … We are not aware of any CTMC library for a C–like language (we mean C++, Java, C#,  Objective-C, D etc.), that offers a … , object-oriented programming language, beside OLYMP [12],  from which stems OLYMP2. There are, though, some projects that treat a Java application as a …
Bit-level perceptron prediction for indirect branches | E Garza, S Mirbagher-Ajorpaz, TA Khan… - 2019 ACM/IEEE 46th …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … object-oriented languages have become ubiquitous within software application design, so  have indirect branch instructions. Early work by Calder & Grunwald [1] shows that programs  written in object-oriented languages … Polymorphism [2] uses dynamicallydispatched function …
This is not a model | OL Madsen, B Møller-Pedersen - … Symposium on Leveraging Applications …, 2018 - Springer | … In [24] we introduced a definition of object-oriented programming where the emphasis  was that the program execution is a physical model, eg capturing the analogy of objects to  physical entities such as LEGO bricks, wood and cardboard. Our definition below is a slightly …
A language-independent approach to smart contract verification | X Chen, D Park, G Roşu - … Symposium on Leveraging Applications of …, 2018 - Springer | … The \(\mathbb {K}\) framework [13] adopts a language-independent approach to program  verification; it was derived from our firm belief that every programming language must have  a formal semantics, and that all formal or informal analysis tools for that language should be …
The next 7000 programming languages | R Chatley, A Donaldson, A Mycroft - Computing and Software Science, 2019 - Springer | … lumps programming languages together into paradigms, such as imperative, object-oriented …  of applications has encouraged language evolution: there has been an increasing need for …  Indeed, decades since the language’s inception, top programming language conferences …
GUI Elements and Windows Form Formalization Parameters and Events Method to Automate the Process of Additive Cyber-Design CPPS Development | I Nevliudov, V Yevsieiev, V Lyashenko, MA Ahmad - 2021 - openarchive.nure.ua | … This article presents a method for formalizing parameters, GUI elements and Windows  Forms events for the development of Cyber-Physical Production Systems based on object-oriented  programming languages cybernetic component HMI additive cyber design. The proposed …
Shooting from the heap: Ultra-scalable static analysis with heap snapshots | N Grech, G Fourtounis, A Francalanza… - Proceedings of the 27th …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … run queries on heap snapshots to find bugs on a particular program run [29]. Our approach  uses static analysis to generalize a heap snapshot to infer facts about other possible executions  and thus can also generalize their technique to be applicable in a static context and find …
A language-independent program verification framework | X Chen, G Roşu - International Symposium on Leveraging Applications of …, 2018 - Springer | … of that logic that allows to derive new facts about programs from axioms and established  facts. The proof rules of the proof system define the semantics of the target language. Hoare  logic [12], for example, is a program logic proposed in 1969 for a simple imperative language …
A minimally disruptive approach of integrating testing into computer programming courses | V Ramasamy, H Alomari, J Kiper… - 2018 IEEE/ACM …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … on software engineering and programming. Unlike other learning management systems,  SEP-CyLE uses embedded learning and engagement … In Proceedings of the ACM International  Conference Companion on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages and Applica- …
Pragmatic software testing education | M Aniche, F Hermans, A Van Deursen - Proceedings of the 50th ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Companion to the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN conference on Object-oriented programming  systems languages and applications. ACM, 747ś748… In Companion to the 21st ACM SIGPLAN  symposium on Object-oriented programming systems, languages, and applications. ACM, 907ś …
Profiling and Tracing Support for Java Applications | A Nisbet, NM Nobre, G Riley, M Luján - … /SPEC International Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … However, GC log analysis cannot help in identifying or resolving which application code is  the cause of high memory allocation and/or … of managed language applications with speedup  stacks. Lightweight OS kernel modules were used to monitor an application and its VM …
Shadow symbolic execution for testing software patches | T Kuchta, H Palikareva, C Cadar - ACM Transactions on Software …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In this article, we present a symbolic execution-based technique that is designed to generate  test inputs that cover the new program behaviours … Delta execution for efficient state-space  exploration of object-oriented programs. In Proceedings of the International Symposium on …
Transient typechecks are (almost) free | R Roberts, S Marr, M Homer, J Noble - arXiv preprint arXiv:1807.00661, 2018 - arxiv.org | … at uses, so the act of adding types to a program introduces more casts and may slow the …  between languages, the set of core language elements covers only common object-oriented …  International Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages & Applic- …
Differential Algebra software library with automatic code generation for space embedded applications | M Massari, P Di Lizia, F Cavenago… - … AIAA Information Systems …, 2018 - arc.aiaa.org | … In order to partly maintain the advantages given by operator overloading and object oriented  programming for writing mathematical expression, an automatic translation of the DACE 2.0  C++ code into pure C11 code … Each of these functions, along with its calling convention, …
Implementation of SaaS cloud computing services on E-learning applications (case study: PGRI foundation school) | DL Fithri, AP Utomo, F Nugraha - Journal of Physics: Conference …, 2020 - iopscience.iop.org | … , so that application development costs can be further reduced. This research uses object-oriented  system development methods with UML … By implementing an object-oriented design.  Software can be made more resilient by minimizing the writing of expressions while reducing …
Aspect-oriented requirements engineering: approaches and techniques | SF Alshareef, AM Maatuk, TM Abdelaziz - … Conference on Data Science …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … and non-functional concerns from system requirements and they are specified with UML as  Object Oriented Programming class and aspect class … The features of the system are represented  by Themes and they are combined to form the final system. The approach uses views to …
Traffic Pattern Analysis from Object Oriented Perspective | S Saraswathi, S Lizarani, S Gokul Gowtham, L Nirmmal… - researchgate.net | … Presented 17 research articles in International Conference and published in the conference  proceedings. Presented 14 research articles in National Conference. Attended various  demanded workshops, seminars, guest lectures and faculty development program. Attended 18th …
A Diagnostic Tool for Assessing Students' Perceptions and Misconceptions Regards the Current Object “this” | R Noa, S Ronit - International Conference on Informatics in Schools …, 2018 - Springer | … Understanding of the object concept in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) is obviously the  center of the paradigm. Many educators and researchers explored students’ … The paper uses  Java as the programming language, but it easily can be translated to other OOP languages. …
Automated API-usage update for Android apps | M Fazzini, Q Xin, A Orso - Proceedings of the 28th ACM SIGSOFT …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Mobile apps rely heavily on the application programming interface (API) provided by their  underlying operating system (OS). Because OS … In Proceedings of the ACM International  Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages and Applications. ACM, New …
Validating object-oriented software at design phase by achieving MC/DC | SK Barisal, SS Behera, S Godboley… - … Journal of System …, 2019 - Springer | … helps Java application developers to process XML data as well as functions in Java language.  … Thus, our proposed approach supports a new direction to test object-oriented programs. Our  … In: 2016 federated conference on computer science and information systems (FedCSIS). …
Efficient runtime aspect weaving for java applications | O Rodriguez-Prieto, F Ortin, D O'Shea - Information and Software …, 2018 - Elsevier | … programmer may apply different types of commissions by using different instances of the  same class or changing the state of the existing one, following a common object-oriented …  object-oriented Java version of each program measured to evaluate the cost of runtime weaving. …
Extended ForUML for Automatic Generation of UML Sequence Diagrams from Object-Oriented Fortran | A Nanthaamornphong, A Leatongkam - Scientific Programming, 2019 - hindawi.com | … of such applications [8]. Currently, ForUML is the only available tool for transforming Fortran  source code (which later evolved into an object-oriented programming language … , while this  study aims to transform Fortran, which is an object-oriented programming language, to UML …
SDNSOC: Object oriented SDN framework | A Chowdhary, D Huang, GJ Ahn, M Kang… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … , and, automated programming framework to detect and resolve multitier conflicts in SDN-based  cloud networks. We present an objectoriented programming framework - SDN Security  Operation Center (SDNSOC), which handles policy composition at application plane, flow rule …
A comprehensive study of deep learning compiler bugs | Q Shen, H Ma, J Chen, Y Tian, SC Cheung… - … Engineering Conference …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In particular, we further made a preliminary proof-of-concept application of our ndings by  designing a simple but e ective method TVMfuzz for testing TVM. The design of TVMfuzz is  inspired by some ndings in our study. It can generate new tests based on TVM’s original test suite…
Blue, bluej, greenfoot: Designing educational programming environments | M Kölling - … Design Approaches in People-Oriented Programming, 2018 - igi-global.com | … For BlueJ, our goal was to teach the fundamental concepts of object-oriented programming  well. We wanted students to develop a clear and … Companion to the 19th annual ACM SIGPLAN  conference on Objectoriented programming systems, languages, and applications, 73-82. …
Developing and Implementing A System for Shipping Companies Comparison | R Al-Theeb, H Al-Tami, H Al-Johani… - AL-THEEB, R …, 2019 - academia.edu | … The disadvantages of this application are the high shipping prices, no insurance is available  on the shipment, delayed arrival of shipments … The UML is a language used to specify, visually  model [101], and document the artifacts of an ObjectOriented system under development. …
Analyzing, Designing and Implementing a Consulting Company for Management Information Systems | E Alomari, M Alshammry, S Alhamil… - … , E., ALSHAMMRY, M …, 2019 - papers.ssrn.com | … The UML is a language used to specify, visually model [93], and document the artifacts of  an Object-Oriented system under development. It denotes a number of ideas unification from  … The programming languages utilized in this work are Visual Studio-ASP.NET programming …
QADroid: regression event selection for Android applications | A Sharma, R Nasre - Proceedings of the 28th ACM SIGSOFT …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … popular platforms for building mobile applications [48], on which we focus in our study. Android  applications (apps) are updated frequently … the 2013 ACM SIGPLAN International Conference  on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages &#38; Applications (OOPSLA ’13…
Efficient reflection string analysis via graph coloring | N Grech, G Kastrinis… - … -Oriented Programming  …, 2018 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … itself to other similar applications. For instance the technique could apply to the analysis of  dynamically typed languages (where many more … reflection-like functionality) or to more  specific domains such as the tracking of string constants matching intents in Android applications. …
Robust object-oriented formulation of directed thermofluid stream networks | D Zimmer - … and Computer Modelling of Dynamical Systems, 2020 - Taylor & Francis | … Our application field is the modelling and simulation of climate and cooling system for aircraft  [1]. Whenever a new aircraft is designed, dozens of different architectures are being proposed  and evaluated. For each architecture, a large set of failure cases need to be considered, …
uBaaS: A unified blockchain as a service platform | Q Lu, X Xu, Y Liu, I Weber, L Zhu, W Zhang - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … applies four existing object-oriented software patterns to smart contract design in the context  of a blockchain-based health care application … She has served as an editor or reviewer for  many journals and as a PC member for a number of international conferences and workshops …
Size matters: Microservices research and applications | M Mazzara, A Bucchiarone, N Dragoni, V Rivera - Microservices, 2020 - Springer | … having a strong emphasis on correctness, both from the architectural viewpoint and in terms  of meeting functional requirements [37]. … development of new programming languages  intended to address the microservice paradigm [24]. Object-oriented programming brought fresh …
Information System for Recommendation List Formation of Clothes Style Image Selection According to User's Needs Based on NLP and Chatbots. | V Husak, O Lozynska, I Karpov, I Peleshchak, S Chyrun… - COLINS, 2020 - ceur-ws.org | … Christensen, JH: Using RESTful web-services and cloud computing to create next generation  mobile applications. In: the 24th ACM SIGPLAN conference companion on Object oriented  programming systems languages and applications, 627-634. (2009). 9. …
CROCHET: Checkpoint and rollback via lightweight heap traversal on stock JVMs | J Bell, L Pina - … Conference on Object-Oriented Programming  …, 2018 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … it difficult for applications to checkpoint only some logical portions of their state. CR systems  implemented at the application level and with … (1) where checkpoints can take place, and (2)  which program state needs to be copied. A popular compromise is to implement CR support …
Computational Complexity of the Accessory Function Setting Mechanism in Fuzzy Intellectual Systems | MA Ahmad, I Tvoroshenko, JH Baker, V Lyashenko - 2019 - openarchive.nure.ua | … all related factors presented in natural language, which made it possible to improve the  intellectual decision-making system in the field of … system is implemented in the Python 3.6  object-oriented programming environment. The laboratory operation of a fuzzy intellectual system …
A process-oriented modeling approach for graphical development of mobile business apps | C Rieger, H Kuchen - Computer Languages, Systems & Structures, 2018 - Elsevier | … This article aims to alleviate the aforementioned problems by presenting the Münster App  Modeling Language (MAML; pronounced ’mammal’), a graphical DSL for describing business  apps that tackles the trade-off between technical complexity and graphical oversimplification …
Dynamic software updates and context adaptation for distributed active objects | EB Johnsen, IC Yu - Principled software development, 2018 - Springer | … Typing of the Base Language The (static) base language uses a standard type system for  object-oriented languages with explicit futures (eg, [20]), decorated with effects. Subtyping T1  ≼ T2 is defined by interface inheritance: If I extends J then J ≼ I. The type rules are given in Fig…
Integrating the common variability language with multilanguage annotations for web engineering | JM Horcas, A Cortiñas, L Fuentes… - … Product Line Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Moreover, it is extremely difficult, or even impossible, to apply these programming models to  web applications, mainly … Language as a composition-based approach and integrate  annotations to manage fine grained variability of a Software Product Line for web applications. In …
A survey of code reuse attack and defense | B Luo, Y Yang, C Zhang, Y Wang, B Zhang - … Systems and Applications, 2018 - Springer | … proposed a code reuse attack called COOP (Counterfeit Object-Oriented Programming) for  the C++ programming language [21]. In the method, an attacker can map the address space  of the program by hijacking the virtual function of a C++ program, and then construct the …
Classical Programming Topics with Functional Programming | M Visnovitz - Central-European Journal of New Technologies in …, 2020 - ojs.elte.hu | … is usually to go in the direction of objectoriented programming. One possible way to approach  … In Hungarian literature a slightly different naming convention is present [2] but the core …  Classic Hungarian programming education primarily uses the algorithm-first, object-oriented…
Tsdetect: An open source test smells detection tool | A Peruma, K Almalki, CD Newman… - … Conference and …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In this paper, we introduce tsDetect, an automated test smell detection tool for Java software  systems that uses a set of detection rules to locate existing test smells in test code. We evaluate  the effectiveness of tsDetect on a benchmark of 65 unit test files containing instances of …
Refdiff4go: Detecting refactorings in go | R Brito, MT Valente - Proceedings of the 14th Brazilian Symposium on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … The extraction process uses an AST to represent the analyzed code. Through this  structure, the Parser Module detects valid elements and … UMLDiff: An algorithm for objectoriented  design differencing. In 20th International Conference on Automated Software Engineering (ASE). …
Automatic generation of software components of the Praxeme methodology from ReLEL | RM Andrianjaka, H Razafimahatratra… - … Conference on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … be used as code skeletons for an object-oriented application. We thought that ReLEL was a  … not comply with the rule imposed by Object Oriented Programming (POO) to type an attribute  … proposed in this paper are applicable to any other object-oriented technological choices. …
Testing approaches for web and mobile applications: An overview | Z Hamza, M Hammad - … of Computing and Digital Systems, 2020 - journal.uob.edu.bh | … The work in [36] and [35] proposed models that help in web application testing. The models  are based on the object-oriented methodology. Each of the models has been evaluated using  real-world web applications. The results show that the models improve the testing process …
Object oriented coupling based test case prioritization | A Singh, RK Bhatia, A Singhrova - Int. J. Comput. Sci. Eng, 2018 - researchgate.net | … Prioritization of test cases in model based testing uses different models like Activity diagrams…  to perform test case prioritization for object oriented programs and they used backward and …  In Proceedings of the 4th international conference on software quality 1994 Oct 3 (Vol. 186, …
PyCG: Practical Call Graph Generation in Python | V Salis, T Sotiropoulos, P Louridas… - … Conference on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Through this domain we are able to handle the objectoriented nature of Python, addressing  features such as multiple inheritance, and the method … (Section VD) Further, we show a  potential application through the enhancement of GitHub’s “security advisory” notification service. …
Extracting taint specifications for javascript libraries | CA Staicu, MT Torp, M Schäfer, A Møller… - … International Conference …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … system paths. A more precise approach for securing JavaScript applications, pursued both  by academia and by industry practitioners, is static program … This case corresponds to the  factory method design pattern from object-oriented literature. After invoking the main exported …
Concern-oriented language development (COLD): Fostering reuse in language engineering | B Combemale, J Kienzle, G Mussbacher… - … Languages, Systems & …, 2018 - Elsevier | … To demonstrate the possible applications of COLD, we illustrate in Section 5 the current  support across different technological spaces (eg, … reusable patterns of object-oriented software  design. In the context of COLD, to produce highly reusable language concerns requires to …
Time-travel testing of android apps | Z Dong, M Böhme, L Cojocaru… - … Conference on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Top-100 popular apps were collected by downloading the most highly ranked apps on  Google Play and instrumenting them with our coverage tool Ella until we obtained 100 apps that  could be successfully instrumented by Ella. Procedure. To mitigate experimenter bias and to …
Alternative Concept of the Virtual Car Display Design Reflecting Onset of the Industry 4.0 into Automotive | T Krenicky, J Ruzbarsky - … IEEE 22nd International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … to tailor the design of the user interface is described. The system is developed using the  object-oriented programming platform LabVIEW … of huge particle accelerator system that  verified its abilities in many areas of industrial and common application. Car panel example on the …
Oocqm: object oriented code quality meter | A Shaheen, U Qamar, A Nazir, R Bibi, M Ansar… - International Conference …, 2019 - Springer | … Object oriented design metrics fall in level three and design components of object-oriented  design are placed in level four. Authors … It uses various procedural and object-oriented  metrics to calculate complexity and instability of code. The results are represented visually …
Java subtyping as an infinite self-similar partial graph product | MA AbdelGawad - arXiv preprint arXiv:1805.06893, 2018 - arxiv.org | … As an ordering relation over the set of types, the subtyping relation in object-oriented  programming languages can always be represented … In Section 4 we present examples of the  application of our construction method that demonstrate how it works (in Appendix A we present …
Accurate and efficient refactoring detection in commit history | N Tsantalis, M Mansouri, L Eshkevari… - … Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To empirically evaluate RMiner, we created the most comprehensive oracle to date that uses  triangulation to create a dataset with con… Identifying thresholds for object-oriented software  metrics. Journal of Systems and Software 85, 2 (2012), 244–257. https://doi.org/10. 1016/…
The road to live programming: insights from the practice | J Kubelka, R Robbes, A Bergel - … 40th International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Kay, Back to the future, Proceedings of the 12th ACM SIGPLAN conference on Object-oriented  programming, systems, languages, and applications - OOPSLA ’97doi:10.1145/263698.263754.  URL http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/263698.263754 [13] D. Ingalls, K. …
Practical GUI testing of Android applications via model abstraction and refinement | T Gu, C Sun, X Ma, C Cao, C Xu, Y Yao… - … Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—This paper introduces a new, fully automated modelbased approach for effective  testing of Android apps. Different from existing model-based approaches that guide testing  with a static GUI model (ie, the model does not evolve its abstraction during testing, and is thus …
A framework for assessing reusability using package cohesion measure in aspect oriented systems | PJ Kaur, S Kaushal, AK Sangaiah, F Piccialli - … of Parallel Programming, 2018 - Springer | … According to object oriented design principle, a good software design must have high cohesion  … Software quality is the phenomenon for meeting system’s specified requirements. As shown  … Another threat regards the number and size of the target applications chosen for proving …
Effective visualization of object allocation sites | AF Blanco, JPS Alcocer, A Bergel - … IEEE Working Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … During the application execution, we monitor the memory blueprint of each method call. After  the execution, our visualization summarizes … In an object-oriented programming language,  size of a heap primarily reflects the occurrence and the physical size of objects contained in …
Return-Oriented Programming on RISC-V | GA Jaloyan, K Markantonakis, RN Akram… - … ACM Asia Conference …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … We showed how to use such gadgets in two different attack schemes concealing a backdoor  to perform privilege escalation attack on two standard Linux operating systems. Although the  gadgets are written in C, we believe that it can generalize to other languages, such as JIT …
Empirical analysis of object-oriented software test suite evolution | N Alsolami, Q Obeidat… - … and Applications, 2019 - pdfs.semanticscholar.org | … This investigation aims to conduct a comprehensive empirical study on eight Java systems  with many versions of these systems and their test … application of design patterns‖, In  Proceedings of the 2nd Asian Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs, p. 3. ACM, 2011. …
Domain-Specific Language Techniques for Visual Computing: A Comprehensive Study | L Shen, X Chen, R Liu, H Wang, G Ji - Archives of Computational Methods …, 2021 - Springer | … Eysholdt M, Behrens H (2010) Xtext: implement your language faster than the quick and  dirty way. In: Proceedings of the ACM international conference companion on Object  oriented programming systems languages and applications companion, pp 307–309 …
Comparative analysis of object-oriented software maintainability prediction models | N Zighed, N Bounour, AD Seriai - Foundations of Computing and …, 2018 - researchgate.net | … The important journals were selected depending to the impact factor while conferences were  … The software design of an application has a considerable effect on quality factors such as  … structural quality of code and design of ObjectOriented programs, when at architecture level …
An Integrated Building Information Model (iBIM) for Design of Reinforced Concrete Structures | J Abdalla, TM Eltayeb - 2018 - dspace.aus.edu | … EXPRESS language and UML are used to define and represent the product and process  models of the iBIM. A proof-of-concept prototype … engineering system that uses the proposed  model and architecture was coded using Delphi object-oriented programming environment. An …
Practical AJAX race detection for JavaScript web applications | CQ Adamsen, A Møller, S Alimadadi, F Tip - … Engineering Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … applications, nor did we attempt to reveal all such races within each application. However,  the prevalence of observably harmful AJAX races in our subject applications … Conference  on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages, and Applications (OOPSLA). 151ś166. …
A programming model for semi-implicit parallelization of static analyses | D Helm, F Kübler, JT Kölzer, P Haller… - Proceedings of the 29th …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … We build on our previous work, Reactive Async [10], a programming system for  deterministic … Programming Language for Ajax Applications. In Proceeding of the 24th ACM  SIGPLAN Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages and Applications …
An empirical study on quality of Android applications written in Kotlin language | BG Mateus, M Martinez - Empirical Software Engineering, 2019 - Springer | … First, we analyzed all applications from FAMAZOA to identify the object-oriented and Android  smells listed in Section 4.5.. We run Paprika … of 4 object-oriented smells affect more Kotlin  applications, our results show that for 100% of object-oriented smells, Java applications have …
Collaborative bug finding for android apps | SH Tan, Z Li - … of the ACM/IEEE 42nd International Conference on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … uses bugs in other similar apps to discover bugs in the app under test. We design three settings  with varying degrees of interactions between programmers: (1… ACM SIGPLAN conference  on Object-oriented programming, systems, languages, and applications, Vol. 26. 318ś 319. …
FCPP: an efficient and extensible Field Calculus framework | G Audrito - 2020 IEEE International Conference on Autonomic …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … for scalability in self-organising cloud applications. A case study of an edge … application  scenarios for which existing tools are unsuitable: microcontroller systems and self-organising  cloud. Index Terms—edge computing, aggregate computing, programming languages…
Collective program analysis | G Upadhyaya, H Rajan - … of the 40th International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … [24] This analysis tracks the liveness of local variables used in the program. There exists  many client applications of this analysis such as … In Proceedings of the 22Nd Annual ACM  SIGPLAN Conference on Object-oriented Programming Systems and Applications (OOPSLA …
Complexity estimation by using multiparadigm approach: a proposed metrics and algorithms | N Padhy, SC Satapathy… - International Journal of …, 2019 - inderscienceonline.com | … affecting for understanding the procedural and object oriented code and found that software  … language like C++, JAVA, #C even though the most popular object-oriented programming …  500 JavaScript programs and conclude that 50% of the systems are appropriate convention of …
The research of regression model in machine learning field | S Rong, Z Bao-wen - MATEC Web of Conferences, 2018 - matec-conferences.org | … Google was the first to use the Python as the development tool of network applications. … We  use the object-oriented programming language Python3.6 and introduce the linear regression  function. Programming language can also make data analysis in the field of data mining …
How Are Performance Issues Caused and Resolved?-An Empirical Study from a Design Perspective | Y Zhao, L Xiao, X Wang, L Sun, B Chen, Y Liu… - … Conference on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … design-level optimization pattern, especially for addressing different root causes (RQ2.3)?  This part investigates the application of different design-… Groovy is a Java-syntax-compatible  object-oriented programming language for the Java platform. These subjects were selected …
Modular language composition for the masses | M Leduc, T Degueule, B Combemale - … International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … language engineering technologies (eg, the Eclipse Modeling Framework which uses well-…  , we present an object-oriented pattern supporting the composition of language concerns. It …  adapted effortlessly to any mainstream object-oriented programming language that supports (i…
Strictly objects first: A multipurpose course on computational thinking | J Krugel, P Hubwieser - Computational thinking in the STEM disciplines, 2018 - Springer | … online course) called “LOOP: Learning Object-Oriented Programming.” LOOP provides a gentle  … We discover that the real technical system “traffic light” uses only four of its eight technically  possible … In IEEE global engineering education conference (EDUCON’17).Google Scholar …
Designing with Static Capabilities and Effects: Use, Mention, and Invariants | CS Gordon - arXiv preprint arXiv:2005.11444, 2020 - arxiv.org | … The type rules for this system are fairly straightforward: they extend the standard class-based  object-oriented type … In Proceedings of the 13th ACM SIGPLAN conference on Object-oriented  programming, systems, languages, and applications, pages 48–64, 1998. 12 Sylvan …
Towards energy aware object-oriented development of android applications | H Sahar, AA Bangash, MO Beg - … Computing: Informatics and Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … [6], [5] proposed a Green Mining experimental methodology to relate change in object-oriented  metrics with power consumption. In contrast, instead of considering the object-oriented  metrics of whole software application, our work only considers metrics relevant to execution …
Educational game design: an empirical study of the effects of narrative | C Jemmali, S Bunian, A Mambretti… - … international conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … , we are choosing to introduce Object Oriented Programming (OOP) following … language  second: A way to teach object-oriented programming. In Companion of the 18th annual ACM  SIGPLAN conference on Object-oriented programming, systems, languages, and applications…
Estimation of maintainability parameters for object-oriented software using hybrid neural network and class level metrics | L Kumar, S Lal, LB Murthy - International Journal of System Assurance …, 2019 - Springer | … application for empirical validations of proposed work are designed using ADA language. The  proposed models are likely to be valid for other applications designed using other object-oriented  programming language like … In: Second international conference on multimedia and …
Identifying and structuring challenges in large-scale agile development based on a structured literature review | Ö Uludag, M Kleehaus, C Caprano… - … Computing Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We examined a range of different Information Systems journals, conference proceedings using  ACM Digital Library, IEEExplore, Scopus, … of the ACM international conference companion  on Object oriented programming systems languages and applications companion. ACM, …
Characterizing and optimizing hotspot parallel garbage collection on multicore systems | K Suo, J Rao, H Jiang, W Srisa-an - … the Thirteenth EuroSys Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … improve the performance on application scalability, various heap con gurations as well as  in complex application execution environments, … programs. In Proceedings of the 23rd ACM  SIGPLAN conference on Object-oriented programming systems languages and applications (…
Understanding and combating memory bloat in managed data-intensive systems | K Nguyen, K Wang, Y Bu, L Fang, G Xu - ACM Transactions on Software …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … A managed object-oriented programming language such as Java is often the developer’s  choice for implementing such applications, due to its quick … This article extends and refines  work from two previous conference papers by the authors, published in the Proceedings of the …
A new modular implementation for stateful traits | P Tesone, S Ducasse, G Polito, L Fabresse… - … Computer Programming, 2020 - Elsevier | … Whenever a class is composed out of a trait, we say that the class uses the trait. A class  using a trait has access to the methods (and … For reading convention, we prefix all traits'  names with a T (eg, TNamed). Finally, the origin of a method is the class or the trait that defines …
Easy-going development of event-driven applications by iterating a search-select-superpose loop | M Nishimoto, K Nishiyama, H Kawabata… - Journal of Information …, 2019 - jstage.jst.go.jp | … This paper proposes a new approach for developing application programs based on APIs  in a simple way: through code development by iterating a Search-Select-Superpose (SSS)  loop. The approach comprises three phases. In the Search phase, the user searches for a way …
Abstraction and subsumption in modular verification of C programs | L Beringer, AW Appel - Formal Methods in System Design, 2021 - Springer | … these rules to be helpful for formalizing Leavens and Naumann’s treatment of specification  inheritance in object-oriented programs [22]. … system. In: Proceedings of the 2017 ACM  international conference on object oriented programming systems languages & applications, …
Towards a modular and flexible human-usable textual syntax for EMF models. | DS Kolovos, RF Paige - MODELS Workshops, 2018 - ceur-ws.org | … This paper extends previous work on capturing models conforming to object-oriented  metamodels using fuzzily-parsed XML, with … In Proceedings of the ACM International  Conference Companion on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages and Applications …
Cerberus-BMC: A principled reference semantics and exploration tool for concurrent and sequential C | S Lau, VBF Gomes, K Memarian… - International Conference …, 2019 - Springer | … -critical components of hypervisors, operating systems, language runtimes, and embedded  systems. This has prompted much research on … In: Proceedings of the 2018 ACM SIGPLAN  International Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages & Applications…
A scripting language for practical agent-oriented programming | F Bergenti, S Monica, G Petrosino - … on Programming Based on Actors …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … AOP language with similar goals. However, Jadescript is significantly different from JADEL  because all reminiscences of object-oriented programming … Section 3 uses a simple illustrative  example to show a brief overview of Jadescript with emphasis on supported agent-oriented …
Smart-corpus: an organized repository of ethereum smart contracts source code and metrics | GA Pierro, R Tonelli, M Marchesi - arXiv preprint arXiv:2011.01723, 2020 - arxiv.org | … is closely aligned with object oriented programming. Each document is considered as an object  in object oriented programming, similarly … industry companies use the Solidity programming  language to solve concrete problems in different application areas, such as Healthcare, …
Architecture of an object-oriented modeling framework for human occupation | MI Balaguera, MC Vargas, JP Lis-Gutierrez… - International Conference …, 2018 - Springer | … systems, including the one proposed here, the Object Oriented [9], as well as Artificial  Intelligence techniques [10, 11] that together allow us to tackle the adventure of creating digital  versions of social systems … object-oriented framework for the modeling of occupational systems …
Feature visualiser: An inspection tool for context-oriented programmers | B Duhoux, K Mens, B Dumas - … on Context-Oriented Programming …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … how features dynamically adapt a running software system. This tool is dedicated to developers  building highly dynamic context-aware applications using our approach, to understand the  interactions between the features, or to debug the system if it does not seem to behave as …
Towards refactoring-aware regression test selection | K Wang, C Zhu, A Celik, J Kim… - … Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To mitigate this threat, we used projects of different sizes, which are also used in different  application domains. We also evaluated the … [27] introduced RTR, which systematically  applies refactorings on the given set of applications. The results showed that the failure rate for …
Preliminary steps towards modeling blockchain oriented software | H Rocha, S Ducasse - 2018 IEEE/ACM 1st International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … a contract can extend another through inheritance just like classes in object-oriented  programming. … object oriented systems. Since smart contracts are very similar to classes, we can  use UML diagrams with little adaptation. Therefore we can model an object oriented application …
Typechecking protocols with Mungo and StMungo: A session type toolchain for Java | D Kouzapas, O Dardha, R Perera, SJ Gay - … of Computer Programming, 2018 - Elsevier | … We formalise the essential features of Mungo as a core object-oriented calculus (§ 5). We  define a typestate inference system for that language and prove its type … Recent work [20],  [48] uses gradual typing to integrate static and dynamic typestate checking. We focus on the …
Judge: identifying, understanding, and evaluating sources of unsoundness in call graphs | M Reif, F Kübler, M Eichberg, D Helm… - Proceedings of the 28th …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Given a pro le and the features of an application for which we want to construct the CG, Judge  nds and documents sources of … Optimization of objectoriented programs using static class  hierarchy analysis. In European Conference on Object-Oriented Programming. Springer, 77–…
On Using Ontologies for Testing Compilers | Y Li, F Wotawa - 2020 IEEE International Conference on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … First, we assume an ontology that represent the grammar of the language the compiler  should be able to parse correctly (alternative A), or a … the grammar, the conversion into a  combinatorial testing input model, and its application to an implementation of the logical parser. …
Software product line engineering: a practical experience | JM Horcas, M Pinto, L Fuentes - … and Software Product Line Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Companion to the 19th Annual ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Object-oriented Programming  Systems, Languages, and Applications (OOPSLA ’04). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 18–19.  https://doi.org/10.1145/1028664.1028675 [62] Dave Steinberg, Frank Budinsky, Ed Merks, …
The OpenModelica Integrated Environment for Modeling, Simulation, and Model-Based Development | P Fritzson, A Pop, K Abdelhak, A Asghar… - Modeling …, 2020 - diva-portal.org | … The environment is based on the equation-based object-oriented Modelica language and  currently uses the MetaModelica extended version of Modelica for its model compiler  implementation. This overview paper gives an up-to-date description of the capabilities of the …
Pro C# 8 with. NET Core 3: Foundational Principles and Practices in Programming | A Troelsen, P Japikse - 2020 - Springer | … Gain a solid foundation in object-oriented development techniques, attributes and  reflection, generics and collections, and numerous advanced topics not found in other texts (such  as CIL opcodes and emitting dynamic assemblies). With the help of Pro C# 8 with .NET Core 3 …
Defensive Points-To Analysis: Effective Soundness via Laziness | Y Smaragdakis, G Kastrinis - … on Object-Oriented Programming  …, 2018 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … reflection; it can interpose its own implementations at every place where the program uses a  reflective lookup; worst of all, it can wreak havoc on … The model uses a minimal intermediate  language that captures the essence of the approach. The language can be straightforwardly …
A review on machine-learning based code smell detection techniques in object-oriented software system (s) | A Kaur, S Jain, S Goel, G Dhiman - Recent Advances in …, 2021 - ingentaconnect.com | … An object-oriented system acquires numerous inoperative features such as changeability,  usability, reusability, and ease of assessment. … They used 74 object-oriented systems of  Qualitas Corpus and validated 1986 samples manually. They concluded that the best …
Heterogeneous tree structure classification to label Java programmers according to their expertise level | F Ortin, O Rodriguez-Prieto, N Pascual… - … Computer Systems, 2020 - Elsevier | … Likewise, object-oriented programs are composed of a set of types, types may comprise  methods and fields, methods contain statements, and statements and fields are commonly  built using expressions. Therefore, a Java syntax classifier should be able to label those …
The rewrite engines competitions: A RECtrospective | F Durán, H Garavel - … of the 25th International Conference on Tools and …, 2019 - hal.inria.fr | … applications in specification and programming languages (many of which embody rewrite rules,  pattern matching, and abstract data types), but also indirect applications, eg, … from traditional  rewrite engines to include functional and object-oriented languages. As a consequence, …
PenRed: An extensible and parallel Monte-Carlo framework for radiation transport based on PENELOPE | V Giménez-Alventosa, VG Gómez, S Oliver - Computer Physics …, 2021 - Elsevier | … PenRed has been coded in C++ following an object-oriented programming paradigm restricted  to the C++11 standard. Our engine implements … The huge amount of possible applications  and configurations of the simulation system (energy ranges, geometries, particle types and …
A constraint-logic object-oriented language | JC Dageförde, H Kuchen - Proceedings of the 33rd Annual ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We motivate the benefits of integrating object-oriented programming and constraint-logic  programming and … programming is able to reduce runtime, at least compared to pure Java  search applications. Moreover, the constraint-logic OO programming style enables applications …
A core calculus for dynamic delta-oriented programming | F Damiani, L Padovani, I Schaefer, C Seidl - Acta Informatica, 2018 - Springer | … However, the order in which the delta modules are applied may not be chosen arbitrarily if  multiple delta modules modify overlapping parts of the object-oriented program. To accommodate  for that case, we allow the specification of application orders on delta modules to state …
LFRic: Meeting the challenges of scalability and performance portability in Weather and Climate models | SV Adams, RW Ford, M Hambley, JM Hobson… - Journal of Parallel and …, 2019 - Elsevier | … This paper describes LFRic: the new weather and climate modelling system being developed  by the UK Met Office to replace … uses the GungHo dynamical core and runs on a semi-structured  cubed-sphere mesh. The design of the supporting infrastructure follows object-oriented …
Multi‐criteria decision making approach for evaluation of the performance of computer programming languages in higher education | A Yıldızbaşı… - Computer Applications In …, 2018 - Wiley Online Library | … point out that the wrong selection of various package programs used by firms in meeting their  special needs will lead to wrong … of object oriented programming languages. For this purpose,  they aimed to determine the most appropriate object‐oriented programming language by …
Scalability-first pointer analysis with self-tuning context-sensitivity | Y Li, T Tan, A Møller, Y Smaragdakis - … Conference and Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … These programs are all analyzed with a large Java library: Open JDK 1.6.0_24. Scaler uses  a default TST value of 30M (million) which … In Proceedings of the 21th Annual ACM SIGPLAN  Conference on Object-Oriented Programming, Systems, Languages, and Applications, …
Bayesian hierarchical modelling for tailoring metric thresholds | NA Ernst - … of the 15th international conference on mining software …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … The second problem is that software characteristics (such as object oriented metrics) differ  from one project to the next [25]. Posnett [… object oriented design. Proceedings of the ACM  SIGPLAN Conference on Object-Oriented Programming, Systems, Languages, and Applications…
A concurrent specification of POSIX file systems | G Ntzik, P da Rocha Pinto, J Sutherland… - … Oriented Programming …, 2018 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … We provide a formal concurrent specification of POSIX file systems and demonstrate scalable  reasoning for clients. Our specification is based on a concurrent specification language,  which uses a modern concurrent separation logic for reasoning about abstract atomic …
Developing and Implementing WEB-based Online Destination Information Management System for Tourism | H Almaimoni, N Altuwaijri, F Asiry… - … Journal of Applied …, 2018 - ripublication.com | … Recently, the extensive proliferation of the Web led organizations and companies to employ  the Web in many different applications. Over the years, tourism has … INTERFACE DESIGN  The programming languages utilized in this work are HTML, Visual Studio programming …
Adapting software design patterns to develop reusable IEC 61499 function block applications | S Patil, D Drozdov, V Vyatkin - … 16th International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, strictly speaking, these standards are not object-oriented programming since they  don’t support inheritance. (… design patterns from the popular object-oriented software  engineering design patterns theory in design and implementation of distributed control applications …
Towards a completely extensible dynamic geometry software with metadata | D Radaković, Ð Herceg - Computer Languages, Systems & Structures, 2018 - Elsevier | … When observed in object-oriented programming, it is the information about the program … the  first two items were presented in the conference version of the paper and the remaining ones  … The introduction of object-oriented features in our system (Section 2.5) represents a step in …
Towards heterogeneous multi-dimensional variability modeling in cyber-physical production systems | HS Fadhlillah, K Feichtinger, L Sonnleithner… - … Line Conference …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Cyber-Physical Production Systems (CPPSs) are complex systems interacting with their  environment by sensors and actuators. Such systems typically have a long lifespan, over which  a plethora … We showcase our idea using a case study system and outline a research agenda. …
Sport Field Reservation Based on Mobile Application | T Claudinus, MP Wicaksana, NK Sitorus… - … Conference on ICT …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Therefore, this study focusses to build mobile sports application using object-oriented  analysis and design method, … application development. In Companion to the 19th annual ACM  SIGPLAN conference on Object-oriented programming systems, languages, and applications (pp…
The first programming language and freshman year in computer science: characterization and tips for better decision making | SR Sobral - World Conference on Information Systems and …, 2020 - Springer | … the programming-first approach can be exacerbated in the objects-first model because many  of the languages used for object-oriented programming in … The reason given by 82.7% of  those who uses Java, was to be object oriented, while 72.7% of those using Python refer to the …
Formulating an MVC framework for web development in JAVA | A Singh, P Chawla, K Singh… - … Conference on Trends in …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Before talking about MVC, it is paramount to talk about software design patterns (or  design patterns or just pattern). Development of object-oriented applications is followed by  regular maintenance, requiring regular updates. An application …
A suite of object oriented cognitive complexity metrics | S Misra, A Adewumi, L Fernandez-Sanz… - IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … for OO Design [2], design metrics for testing [3], product metrics for object-oriented design [4],  … The aim of this research is to validate the metrics suite presented in a conference [16]. This  … for object oriented paradigm", In IEEE 36th Annual Computer Software and Applications …
A large-scale empirical exploration on refactoring activities in open source software projects | C Vassallo, G Grano, F Palomba, HC Gall… - … Computer Programming, 2019 - Elsevier | … More specifically, RefactoringMiner identifies all the refactoring operations considered in our  study through the application of a two-step … Stroggylos and Spinellis [53] studied the impact  of refactoring operations on the values of eight object-oriented quality metrics. Their results …
The first twenty years of agent-based software development with JADE | F Bergenti, G Caire, S Monica, A Poggi - … Agents and Multi-Agent Systems, 2020 - Springer | … software systems, and among them, this paper reports on a mission-critical system that uses  … JADEL because all recollections of object-oriented programming still present in JADEL have  … parts of the language had the effect of bringing object-oriented abstractions into the core of …
A qualitative study on framework debugging | Z Coker, DG Widder, C Le Goues… - … Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … could provide guidance in debugging strategies and framework tool design. To gain insight  into the framework application debugging process, we performed two human studies  investigating how developers fix applications that use a framework API incorrectly. These studies …
On domain driven design using annotation-based domain specific language | DM Le, DH Dang, VH Nguyen - Computer Languages, Systems & …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Recent work in DDD use an annotation-based extension of object-oriented programming  language … In this paper, we will use DDD to refer specifically to object-oriented DDD. … For  domain modelling, we propose a technique that uses a structural mapping between the modelling …
Essentials of Fractal programming | AS Semenov - Advances in Theory and Practice of Computational …, 2020 - Springer | … programming language environments but also for operating systems, where modules  can be loaded and unloaded at will. An application … , the elastic object models, and object-oriented  approach into a new paradigm called as Fractal-Oriented Programming (FOP). FOP aims to …
How to evaluate the performance of gradual type systems | B Greenman, A Takikawa, MS New, D Feltey… - … Programming, 2019 - cambridge.org | … Programmers use dynamically typed languages to build all kinds of applications. Telecom  companies … (Section 6); • eight object-oriented benchmark programs to augment the functional  benchmarks of … The conference version of this paper included data only for quadMB. …
Aligned, purpose-driven cooperation: The future way of system development | P Zweihoff, T Tegeler, J Schürmann, A Bainczyk… - … Leveraging Applications …, 2021 - Springer | … In this paper, we sketch an IDE for collaborative system development (not only of web  applications! ) that support a three-dimensional … In: Proceedings of the ACM International  Conference Companion on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages and Applications …
Implementation of education for sustainable development principles in the training of future software engineers | S Koniukhov, K Osadcha - 2020 - ds.knu.edu.ua | … principles, be able to use object-oriented programming languages, to apply existing and make  their … of examples of software development practice, meetings with leading specialists of IT  enterprises, … ”, “Web application programming and support”. To evaluate the likelihood of the …
An object-oriented systems engineering point of view to develop controllers of quadrotor unmanned aerial vehicles | N Van Hien, VT Truong, NT Bui - International Journal of Aerospace …, 2020 - hindawi.com | … In the present design of complex systems, many applications use standard control methods  together with soft-computing approaches to … [15] PG Diem, An object-oriented design method  for controllers of quadrotor unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV), [Ph.D. Thesis], Hanoi University …
High-performance symbolic-numerics via multiple dispatch | S Gowda, Y Ma, A Cheli, M Gwóźzdź, VB Shah… - … in Computer Algebra, 2022 - dl.acm.org | … To this end, we developed Symbolics.jl, an extendable symbolic system which uses  dynamic multiple dispatch to change behavior … Synthesizing object-oriented and functional  design to promote re-use. In European Conference on Object-Oriented Programming, pages …
Pallene: A companion language for Lua | HM Gualandi, R Ierusalimschy - Science of Computer Programming, 2020 - Elsevier | … languages to write a program: a low-level system language for the parts of the program that  need good performance and that interact with the underlying operating system, and a high-level  scripting language for … application for a scripting language is a multi-language system, …
Predicting fault-proneness of reused object-oriented classes in software post-releases | J Al Dallal - Arabian Journal for Science and Engineering, 2018 - Springer | … selected software systems, we collected fault data reported since the selected applications  were … Empirical analysis of CK metrics for object-oriented design complexity: implications for  … Empirical validation of objectoriented metrics on open source software for fault prediction. …
Smart contracts software metrics: a first study | R Tonelli, G Destefanis, M Marchesi, M Ortu - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … Being the format inspired to classes of object oriented programming languages, it is … , and  by the references between them in object-oriented applications, are characterized by a power-…  In Proceedings of the 11th international conference on predictive models and data analytics …
Intellectual Analysis of Mak-ing Decisions Tree in Infor-mation Systems of Screening Observation for Immunological Patients | L Chyrun, E Leshchynskyy, V Lytvyn, A Rzheuskyi… - 2019 - sci.ldubgd.edu.ua | … Christensen, JH: Using RESTful web-services and cloud computing to create next generation  mobile applications. In: the 24th ACM SIGPLAN conference companion on Object oriented  programming systems languages and applications, 627-634. (2009). 5. …
A study on garbage collection algorithms for big data environments | R Bruno, P Ferreira - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … It is also a fact that many of these Big Data platforms are running on managed object-oriented  programming languages (eg, Java). Java is … not support the target environments and  applications of this work: large-scale and long-running Big Data applications, which lead to long …
AdSiF: Agent driven simulation framework paradigm and ontological view | MF Hocaoğlu - Science of Computer Programming, 2018 - Elsevier | … From the ontological perspective, it is seen that AdSiF embraces an object-oriented  programming paradigm, logic programming paradigm, and aspect-oriented programming  paradigm and combines them in the state-oriented programming paradigm. The first step of fusing …
Data and Information Flows: Assessing Threads and Opportunities to Ensure Privacy and Investment Returns | A Faccia - … of the 2019 3rd International Conference on Cloud and …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … The programming languages are linked to the different environments and operating systems in  which they have been implemented. The company choice of … general-purpose, objectoriented  programming language, supported by Apple for the macOS and iOS operating systems. …
Programming not only by example | H Peleg, S Shoham, E Yahav - … 40th International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Our implementation synthesizes functional programs in Scala, a popular functional and  object-oriented programming language, used in … The same approach also applies to any  language that uses functional compositions, which are becoming a standard in modern languages. …
Functor-oriented topology optimization of elasto-plastic structures | P Tauzowski, B Blachowski, J Lógó - Advances in Engineering Software, 2019 - Elsevier | … programs rapidly noticed the advantages of the object-oriented paradigm in the application  to … This paper is an extended version of the CST/ECT2018 Conference presentation by the  … from object oriented programming metrics, high cohesion leads to a low rate of programming …
Reverse Engineering Encapsulated Components from Object-Oriented Legacy Code. | R Arshad, KK Lau - SEKE, 2018 - cs.man.ac.uk | … This section uses an example of Brake Control System to demonstrate the code capturing and  mapping of code from object-oriented classes to X-… In Proceedings of the 21st international  conference on Software engineering, pages 226–235. ACM, 1999. [13] Lau Kung-kiu et al. …
Human Languages in Source Code: Auto-Translation for Localized Instruction | C Piech, S Abu-El-Haija - Proceedings of the Seventh ACM Conference …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … To that end our translator takes-in and uses a preset identifier translation map, and  returns the translations it made. This system enables having humans override translations,  for translating textbooks with text that references embedded code and more. …
Automatic software refactoring: a systematic literature review | AAB Baqais, M Alshayeb - Software Quality Journal, 2020 - Springer | … of object-oriented design and providing a tool to inform the users of any refactoring opportunity  in order to integrate the object-oriented feature in … Some of these journal papers were  presented as short papers at conferences. This data indicate that software journal editors are still …
Toward a more dependable hybrid analysis of android malware using aspect-oriented programming | AI Ali-Gombe, B Saltaformaggio, D Xu, GG Richard III - computers & …, 2018 - Elsevier | … system for Android applications based on the AspectJ instrumentation framework. AspectDroid  performs static bytecode instrumentation at the application level, and does not require any  particular support from the operating system … conferences in security and cloud computing. …
OPEN: An open-source platform for developing smart local energy system applications | T Morstyn, KA Collett, A Vijay, M Deakin, S Wheeler… - Applied Energy, 2020 - Elsevier | … Then, OPEN’s object-oriented structure and program flow are described. Two case studies  are presented, demonstrating OPEN applications for building … It has been developed using  an object-oriented programming approach, providing modularity, code reuse and extensibility. …
Exploiting high-performance heterogeneous hardware for Java programs using graal | J Clarkson, J Fumero, M Papadimitriou… - … Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … The proliferation of heterogeneous hardware in recent years means that every system we  program is likely to include a mix of compute … applications. However, existing tools for  heterogeneous programming neglect developers who do not have the time or inclination to switch …
Barriers to Refactoring: Issues and Solutions | Z Khanam - International Journal on Future Revolution in Computer …, 2018 - ijfrcsce.org | … Though Object oriented programming promotes ease in designing reusable software but the  long coded methods makes it unreadable and enhances the complexity of the methods. The  common code defects are associated with large classes and methods. To ease up the code …
Comparing the influence of using feature-oriented programming and conditional compilation on comprehending feature-oriented software | AR Santos, I do Carmo Machado… - Empirical Software …, 2019 - Springer | … level (3 out of 5 points) of experience with Object-Oriented programming. Lastly, 52% (11 out of  21) … In: Proceedings of the international conference on program comprehension, pp 297–307  … In: Proceedings of the European conference on object-oriented programming. Dagstuhl …
Renaissance: Benchmarking suite for parallel applications on the jvm | A Prokopec, A Rosà, D Leopoldseder… - … Language Design and …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … To meet the goals outlined in Section 2.1, we define a set of metrics to characterize the  usage of concurrency primitives, basic primitives of object-oriented programming, and modern  programming primitives introduced in JDK 7 or later. Notably, our goal is not to define an …
Static analysis of java dynamic proxies | G Fourtounis, G Kastrinis, Y Smaragdakis - Proceedings of the 27th ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Our analysis intends to cover common uses of proxies, in conjunction with other  analyzable language features. Clearly, some dynamic patterns are missed. For instance, if an  interface is loaded from a file and then it is used to generate a proxy, we will miss this case. …
A natural language programming application for Lego Mindstorms EV3 | Y Zhan, MS Hsiao - 2018 IEEE International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Object-oriented Programming (OOP) In order to handle ambiguity in a NL text, we suggest the  usage of a programming paradigm called the object-oriented programming (OOP). As mentioned  above, there is a limited number of functions that a robot could perform. Those actions …
Code refactoring using slice-based cohesion metrics and aspect-oriented programming | J Singh, PM Khilar… - … Information Systems, 2018 - inderscienceonline.com | … object-oriented programs. In the next phase, the refactoring techniques are again applied onto  the newly created aspects to remove duplicate codes. This work concentrates on application  … In this section, we discuss our methodology for refactoring of object-oriented software. We …
Multi-model consistency preservation | H Klare - … Conference on Model Driven Engineering Languages …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … case studies from component-based and object-oriented software, as well as with industrial  … in an architecture description language (ADL) to a class in object-oriented design, which is  … case studies on two additional application domains: embedded automotive software [30, 31]…
Representing adaptation options in experimentable digital twins of production systems | T Delbrügger, J Rossmann - International Journal of Computer …, 2019 - Taylor & Francis | … in other Model-Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) languages, such as UML for software or  SysML for general systems. When comparing … Loose couplings were introduced as a target  characteristic of good object-oriented programming (Gamma et al. ). The idea is based on the …
Development of an Aircraft Design Environment Using an Object-Oriented Data Model in MATLAB | S Herbst - 2018 - mediatum.ub.tum.de | … of a flexible and extensible open source aircraft design environment implemented in  MATLAB. Its key components comprise a novel object-oriented data model specifically  developed for application in conceptual and early preliminary design of both, conventional and …
μ-DSU: a micro-language based approach to dynamic software updating | W Cazzola, R Chitchyan, A Rashid, A Shaqiri - … Languages, Systems & …, 2018 - Elsevier | … application level to the programming language level to support the dynamic addition of  non-functional features which originally were not designed into the application… of the 10th  annual conference on object-oriented programming systems, languages, and applications (OOPSLA’…
Dualizing generalized algebraic data types by matrix transposition | K Ostermann, J Jabs - European Symposium on Programming, 2018 - Springer | … The most obvious application of our approach is to guide programming language design,  namely … In any case, we believe that our design can also help to design object-oriented language  … Finally, since codata is quite related to objects in object-oriented programming, we hope …
Development of distributed subject-oriented applications for cloud computing through the integration of conceptual and modular programming | AG Feoktistov, RO Kostromin… - … Convention on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … related to the development of distributed object-oriented applications to solve large-scale …  Applications generate flows of computational jobs. We propose a new approach to the …  developed two high-level toolkits to create and apply object-oriented distributed applications. …
Value Partitioning: A Lightweight Approach to Relational Static Analysis for JavaScript | BB Nielsen, A Møller - … on Object-Oriented Programming  …, 2020 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … The above two uses of value partitioning are sufficient for analyzing the motivating example  without critical precision losses, but we can make the analysis even more precise using a  third variant. The function named isFunction used in the branch condition in line 6 is a typical …
A virtual GIS room: interfacing spatial information in virtual environments | JN Neves, P Gonçalves, J Muchaxo… - Spatial Multimedia and …, 2021 - taylorfrancis.com | … They are object-oriented extensions of these languages and enable the creation of objects  in such a way that an application … When this project started, the GIS systems on the market  were not object-oriented, which made this approach more difficult and only feasible with the …
Object to NoSQL Database Mappers (ONDM): A systematic survey and comparison of frameworks | V Reniers, D Van Landuyt, A Rafique, W Joosen - Information Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … Many contemporary software applications involve object-oriented programming languages and  a relational database. The object-oriented … When objects are stored in a relational database,  these object-oriented concepts have to be translated into the database paradigm [1], [2], […
Analyzing Data Structure Growth Over Time to Facilitate Memory Leak Detection | M Weninger, E Gander, H Mössenböck - … /SPEC International Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In object-oriented languages such as Java, data structures typically consist of a head  object, multiple internal objects that serve as a … In the following, we present the application  of some of these new classifiers, which can be used for top-down analysis as well as for bottom…
Pytorch: An imperative style, high-performance deep learning library | A Paszke, S Gross, F Massa, A Lerer… - … processing systems, 2019 - papers.nips.cc | … Another interesting and uncommon feature of our system is that it can differentiate through  code employing mutation on tensors, which is one of the basic building blocks of imperative  programs. To ensure safety, we have implemented a versioning system for tensors, which lets …
An empirical study of method chaining in java | T Nakamaru, T Matsunaga, T Yamazaki… - … Conference on Mining …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … proposed a modified Yule process to model the evolution of object-oriented system properties  [40]. Lin and Whitehead proposed a model based on preferential attachment and self-organized  criticality [28]. The model proposal for the number of method chains is future work that …
Deductive software verification: from pen-and-paper proofs to industrial tools | R Hähnle, M Huisman - Computing and Software Science, 2019 - Springer | … of imperative and object-oriented programs. Hence, we do not discuss model checking, SMT  solvers, general proof assistants, program synthesis, … A result of this realization is that we  see a shift of emphasis from proving correctness of an application to bug-finding and program …
Empowering Self-Management through M-Health Applications | M Othman, NM Halil, MM Yusof… - … of Conferences, 2018 - matec-conferences.org | … During object-oriented requirement analysis phase, data collection techniques such as …  object-oriented design phase, information for development of the proposed application is translated  into a working prototype. The purpose of the phase is to ensure the developed application …
Model visualization for e-learning, Kidney simulator for medical students | J Šilar, F Ježek, A Mládek… - … Conference …, 2019 - 2019.international.conference … | … functions and present the model behind the simulation application. Finally we present the  application itself, which is composed of several consecutive … In: Proceedings of the ACM  International Conference Companion on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages and …
Finding key classes in object-oriented software systems by techniques based on static analysis | I Şora, CB Chirila - Information and Software Technology, 2019 - Elsevier | … Taking into account the particularities of our application, we consider that, for this application,  the false positives are a less relevant metric. It is known that documentation (used for extracting  the reference solution) may be wrong sometimes. Documentation may be wrong in two …
Debugging data flows in reactive programs | H Banken, E Meijer, G Gousios - … 40th International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … design pattern [23] (in objectoriented environmets) or callback functions [22] (when the host  … trivial programs, a Node.js plugin for server applications, and Chrome DevTool extensions8  for web … Conference Companion on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages and …
Pattern views: Concept and tooling for interconnected pattern languages | M Weigold, J Barzen, U Breitenbücher… - … and Summer School on …, 2020 - Springer | … Patterns Pattern languages Cross-language relations Pattern language composition Pattern  graph Download conference paper PDF … to convey expert knowledge in different domains,  eg, object-oriented programming [2], enterprise application architecture [3], messaging [4], or …
Development of a multi-architecture and multi-application hybrid vehicle design and management tool | S Gan, D Chrenko, A Kéromnès, L Le Moyne - Energies, 2018 - mdpi.com | … Basis of the model is the energetic macroscopic representation (EMR), which has been  combined with object oriented programming (OOP) in order to enhance its modularity and reuse  capabilities. The obtained results show, that different hybrid architectures are most adapted …
Nodest: feedback-driven static analysis of Node. js applications | BB Nielsen, B Hassanshahi, F Gauthier - … Engineering Conference and …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … -program analysis only reaches a fixpoint in one application (note that Nodest reaches a  fixpoint in 4). We also observe that the whole-program analysis only finds taint flows in 4  applications, … Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages & Applications (…
Compare less, defer more: scaling value-contexts based whole-program heap analyses | M Thakur, VK Nandivada - … of the 28th International Conference on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … analyses, it still does not scale well for several popular whole-program heap analyses. In  this paper, we propose a three-stage analysis approach that lets us scale complex whole-program  value-contexts based heap analyses for large programs, without losing their precision. …
Algorithms for runtime generation of homogeneous classes of objects | DO Terletskyi - arXiv preprint arXiv:1811.07694, 2018 - arxiv.org | … systems, which are based on object-oriented dynamic networks, and they can be adapted for  some object-oriented programming languages … However, in this paper we are going to  consider their application only for this purpose. The notion of exploiter allows definition of various …
Deep learning based feature envy detection | H Liu, Z Xu, Y Zou - … of the 33rd ACM/IEEE International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Although the proposed approach is generic and should be able to work for different object-oriented  programming languages, its prototype implementation is confined to Java only.  Consequently, we select Java applications only. The columns (from left to right) present the …
Web Resource Changes Monitoring System Development. | L Chyrun, Y Burov, B Rusyn, L Pohreliuk, O Oleshek… - MoMLeT, 2019 - ceur-ws.org | … Christensen, JH: Using RESTful web-services and cloud computing to create next generation  mobile applications. In: the 24th ACM SIGPLAN conference companion on Object oriented  programming systems languages and applications, 627-634. (2009). 4. …
Concurrency-related flaky test detection in android apps | Z Dong, A Tiwari, XL Yu, A Roychoudhury - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … We propose a system-level dynamic analysis to resolve thread synchronization  dependencies. We run apps in the debug mode such that threads in the whole Android runtime  can be monitored and controlled. Thread synchronization dependencies can be resolved by …
Function References as First Class Citizens in UML Class Modeling. | S Heinzl, V Schreibmann - ENASE, 2018 - scitepress.org | … programming or object-oriented programming is the better programming concept. In reality,  programmers utilize both concepts and functional programming … As an evaluation for our  approach, we take a look at three different examples and verify the application of the newly …
Targeted test generation for actor systems | S Li, F Hariri, G Agha - … on Object-Oriented Programming  …, 2018 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … Following the naming convention in Akka, we will use the terms actor reference and actor  name interchangeably in this paper. Other actors … We assume that our language uses the  call-by-value evaluation strategy. To perform interprocedural BSE, a context-insensitive call graph …
Automatic code generation from UML state chart diagrams | EV Sunitha, P Samuel - IEEE Access, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we discuss how these elements can be represented in an object oriented  program. We assume that the source code has to be … of the 15th ACM SIGPLAN conference on  Object-oriented programming, systems, languages, and applications, Pages: 178 - 187 , 2000. …
Translating natural language to code: an unsupervised ontology-based approach | M Atzeni, M Atzori - 2018 IEEE first international conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … natural language commands and questions into an appropriate object-oriented source code.  … of modeling some features of object-oriented programming, including exceptions handling  … 2 ontology representing the domain of object-oriented programming and a parser capable of …
A Novel technique for test case minimization in object oriented testing | D Taneja, R Singh, A Singh, H Malik - Procedia Computer Science, 2020 - Elsevier | … This research article, demonstrated the usage of package level security metrics for assessing  the possibility of bugs in object oriented software modules. On the basis of relationship  between bugs and corresponding object oriented metrics, the weights have been assigned to …
Natural software revisited | M Rahman, D Palani, PC Rigby - … 41st International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The growing popularity of this approach has resulted in the application of language modelling  techniques in diverse fields. In the field of Software Engineering, language modelling has  revealed power-law distributions and an apparent ‘naturalness’ of software source code [5, 9…
Reactors: A deterministic model for composable reactive systems | M Lohstroh, I Incer Romeo, A Goens, P Derler… - … Physical Systems  …, 2019 - par.nsf.gov | … Our model uses a superdense representation of time (see [40,47]). Each tag is denoted by a  pair, of which the first element is a time value… -reactive models, discrete event systems,  object-oriented programming, and reactive programming. They promote modularity through the …
A boxology of design patterns for hybrid learning and reasoning systems | F Van Harmelen, A Teije - arXiv preprint arXiv:1905.12389, 2019 - arxiv.org | … in interest in recent years, and many of the major conferences have dedicated workshops to  the topic, such as the … A more recent class of this “graph completion” systems [31… this design  pattern: a machine learning algorithm takes a knowledge graph as input and uses inductive …
Reasoning about physical interactions with object-oriented prediction and planning | M Janner, S Levine, WT Freeman… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … We use the convention (in all figures) that observations are outlined in green, other images  rendered with the ground-truth renderer are … • Oracle (pixels) uses the MuJoCo simulator  to evaluate samples instead of our learned physics and graphics engines. The cost of a block …
Deep differential testing of JVM implementations | Y Chen, T Su, Z Su - … IEEE/ACM 41st International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This section uses a concrete example to motivate and illustrate LBC mutation, which  intervenes a class’s normal execution by rewriting its executed bytecode. Our realization of  LBC mutation, classming, employs the Soot framework [14] [15] [16] to analyze dataflow and …
The designing of warehouse management information system | R Fauzan, MF Shiddiq… - IOP Conference Series …, 2020 - iopscience.iop.org | … This research has the objective to analyze the running system and design a warehouse  management information system in Zaeni … used is Rapid Application Development with an  object-oriented approach. While the tools used in design are UML (Unified Modeling Language). …
Global optimization of numerical programs via prioritized stochastic algebraic transformations | X Wang, H Wang, Z Su, E Tang, X Chen… - … Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Meanwhile, our framework also uses it to verify if an optimized transformation improves the  accuracy of the program. With a few trials on different instability analysis approaches, we  integrate a sampling-based heuristic technique in our framework for the practicality. Because the …
Effects of explicit feature traceability on program comprehension | J Krüger, G Çalıklı, T Berger, T Leich… - … Engineering Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … opposed to purely object-oriented code: (1) annotations can have positive effects on program  … not logical objects, as intended in object-oriented programming. Again, the same issue of lost  … localized bugs is similar compared to the object-oriented version. Thus, annotations seem …
SafeCheck: safety enhancement of Java unsafe API | S Huang, J Guo, S Li, X Li, Y Qi… - … Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … • We test one real-world application in AJDK and other four crashes from the openJDK bug  system with our tool to show the efficiency of … BACKGROUND Since the mid of 90s, Java has  grown to be one of the most popular programming language. The applications written in Java …
A new MATLAB Simulink Toolbox for Dynamic Building Simulation with BIM and Hardware in the Loop compatibility | D Siegele, E Leonardi, F Ochs - … Simulation conference, 2019 - researchgate.net | … It consists of two parts: the first part is a MATLAB based object-oriented building model …  that it is tailored for hardware in the loop applications, controller development and indoor air …  By means of object-oriented programming a parameterized building model was developed, …
Fixing code that explodes under symbolic evaluation | S Porncharoenwase, J Bornholt, E Torlak - International Conference on …, 2020 - Springer | … that uses symbolic profiling to guide the search for fixes. To evaluate SymFix, we implement  it for the Rosette solver-aided language and … We also develop two repairs for host languages  that support symbolic reflection—a set of language constructs that a program can use to …
Mapping Event-B machines into Eiffel programming language | V Rivera, JY Lee, M Mazzara - … Engineering for Defence Applications, 2018 - Springer | … Eiffel is an Object-Oriented programming language that natively supports the Design-by-Contract  methodology. The behaviour of classes is specified by equipping them with contracts. Each  routine of the class contains a pre- and post-condition: a client of a routine needs to …
LightJason, a highly scalable and concurrent agent framework: overview and application | M Aschermann, S Dennisen, P Kraus… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ifaamas.org | … LightJason offers a modular runtime system. By using object-oriented concepts and Java  generics, tailored runtime instances can be created for an application, and LightJason can  be easily integrated into third-party applications. …
Lub: A pattern for fine grained behavior adaptation at runtime | S Costiou, M Kerboeuf, G Cavarle, A Plantec - … of Computer Programming, 2018 - Elsevier | … at runtime, especially if applications cannot be stopped. We introduce Lub, a pattern designed  to extend object oriented languages with fine grained … Although, as previously discussed,  we need a solution meeting our constraints as much as possible, as defined in section 3.6. …
Dataflow tunneling: mining inter-request data dependencies for request-based applications | X Yu, G Jin - 2018 IEEE/ACM 40th International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Our approach is based on the key observation that framework and user behaviors are of  less interest in application-code analysis. For … Our approach analyzes concrete application  executions to capture data dependencies. We design our approach with three key techniques…
Freezing the web: A study of redos vulnerabilities in javascript-based web servers | CA Staicu, M Pradel - 27th {USENIX} Security Symposium ({USENIX} …, 2018 - usenix.org | … how a serverside web application might use a module. To this end, we set up a fresh Express  installation and implement an example web application that uses the module. For example,  for a package that parses the user agent, we build an application that parses the user agent …
Application of model-based systems engineering in small satellite conceptual design-A SysML approach | M Waseem, MU Sadiq - … Aerospace and Electronic Systems …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Similar to UML, we can also generate the corresponding code structure for the SysML  model in popular object-oriented programming languages, such as Java, C++, or C#. This  code can be used to develop prototype models for simulation of the system. For software-based …
A study examining relationships between micro patterns and security vulnerabilities | KZ Sultana, BJ Williams, T Bhowmik - Software Quality Journal, 2019 - Springer | … These code patterns characterize class-level object-oriented program features. Existing  research addressed micro pattern correlation with … to these applications. So it cannot be  concluded that the results are valid for other systems written in different programming languages or …
Taxonomy of machine learning algorithms in software fault prediction using object oriented metrics | A Singh, R Bhatia, A Singhrova - Procedia computer science, 2018 - Elsevier | … A technical report by Basili, Briand, and Melo [9] investigated the object oriented design metrics  CK metrics[1]. The results of the research established the evidence of usefulness … InProceedings  of the 4th international conference on software quality 1994 Oct 3 (Vol. 186, pp. 1-8). …
Yesterday, today, and tomorrow: 50 years of software engineering | M Broy - IEEE Software, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … topic of programming languages, although not a focus of the Garmisch conference, got a lot  … so many different subdisciplines and areas of application that no one can grasp the whole  … structured programming, then client-server architectures, then object-oriented programming, …
Active documentation: Helping developers follow design decisions | S Mehrpour, TD LaToza… - … on Visual Languages and …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this section, we walk through an example of a developer interacting with active  documentation in our system. Suppose Alice is working to build a crowdsourcing application,  working on logic which generates microtasks. While adding a new feature, she finds herself in a …
In search of the origins and enduring impact of agile software development | P Clarke, RV O'Connor, M Yilmaz - … Conference on Software and System …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | The Agile Manifesto is a philosophical touchpoint for all agile software development (ASD)  methods. We examine the manifesto and certain agile methods in an effort to identify the  major impacts of ASD. We have encountered some difficulty in delineating agile and non-agile …
New Methodology for Model-Based Safety Analysis | AA Abdellatif, F Holzapfel - 2019 IEEE Aerospace Conference, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The language compiler uses the AltaRica model to generate finite state machines. Finally,  Fault trees can be generated using a normal … The prototype is based on an Object Oriented  programming paradigm. The Object Oriented style is adequate to define components and …
A survey on software smells | T Sharma, D Spinellis - Journal of Systems and Software, 2018 - Elsevier | … We identify a comprehensive list of conferences and journals based on papers published  in these venues related to smells. We manually … could be trained using object-oriented  metrics attributes for each class. Then the classifier can be used on other programs along with …
Mining and Managing Big Data Refactoring for Design Improvement: Are We There Yet? | EA AlOmar, MW Mkaouer, A Ouni - … of Data-Intensive Systems, 2021 - books.google.com | … from different perspectives (eg, code smell removal, adherence to object-oriented design …  found that 63% of surveyed individuals at an Agile methodology conference used … quality  metrics to measure system improvement before and after the application of refactoring that …
Behind the scenes: developers' perception of multi-language practices | M Abidi, M Grichi, F Khomh - … the 29th Annual International Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Modern large-scale systems are mainly written using a combination of several programming  languages [1, 2]. The core of an application … Bansiya and CG Davis, “A hierarchical model  for object-oriented design quality assessment,” IEEE Transactions on software engineering, …
Floem: A programming system for NIC-accelerated network applications | PM Phothilimthana, M Liu, A Kaufmann… - … Systems Design and …, 2018 - usenix.org | … may have to move portions of application code across the CPU-NIC boundary and manually  refactor the program. We propose FLOEM, a programming system for NIC-accelerated  applications. Our current prototype targets a platform with the Cavium LiquidIO [3], a general-…
A novel inheritance mechanism for modeling knowledge representation systems | M Krótkiewicz - Computer Science and Information Systems, 2018 - doiserbia.nb.rs | … the object-oriented one. It is obviously about the AODB Metamodel. In this model, unlike in  … from object-oriented programming (analysed based on the example of the C++ language),  … In: VLDB ’89 Proceedings of the 15th international conference on Very large data bases, pp. …
On the use of lambda expressions in 760 open source Python projects | S Sangle, S Muvva - … on European Software Engineering Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … conducted an empirical study on use of lambdas in concurrent object oriented mode [19].  They found out that more common use-cases for the application of lambda expressions are  testing, algorithmic implementation, and UI. This study leads us to an empirical study on the use …
ShExML: improving the usability of heterogeneous data mapping languages for first-time users | H García-González, I Boneva, S Staworko… - PeerJ Computer …, 2020 - peerj.com | … use of keywords that made the language more self explanatory and the modularity used on  iterators which reminds of object-oriented programming languages. However, this would  require a broader study taking into account programming style background of participants and …
Simulation modelling of operational tests to assess the reliability of railway automation software systems | AA Maslov, AA Maslov - Journal of Physics: Conference Series, 2021 - iopscience.iop.org | … (WPF) client application builder based on the object-oriented programming language C#. The  assessment model created can serve as one example of analysing and predicting the reliability  of various railway infrastructure facilities. The software of the safety-related devices and …
MPIs Language Bindings are Holding MPI Back | M Ruefenacht, D Schafer, A Skjellum… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2021 - arxiv.org | … MPP [17] is a header only, C++ MPI interface that uses some of the object oriented  programming features of C++ such as generic programming, type traits, futures, and also supports  the use of user defined datatypes. Initial performance evaluation indicated better performance …
Practical model-based systems engineering | JL Fernandez, C Hernandez - 2019 - books.google.com | … A catalog record for this book is available from the US Library of Congress. … This  extension maintains the usefulness of systems engineering functional decomposition, but uses  the object-oriented analysis and design for the software subsystems. The structural views of the …
CrowdRE: Achievements, opportunities and pitfalls | M Glinz - … International Requirements Engineering Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper is an extended abstract of a keynote given at the Third International Workshop  on Crowd-Based Requirements Engineering, held at RE'19. It provides a short guided tour  through the landscape of CrowdRE, highlighting achievements, opportunities and pitfalls of …
Code smells for multi-language systems | M Abidi, M Grichi, F Khomh… - … Languages of Programs, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … in the context of object-oriented principle, this provides better encapsulation. However, in  the case of multi-language systems, it is better to … Depending on the domain of application in  which the multi-language systems has been involved, this may have an important impact. As …
Empirical study on code smells in iOS applications | K Rahkema, D Pfahl - … of the IEEE/ACM 7th International Conference on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … For this analysis we used a collaborative list of open source iOS applications from GitHub.  We combined code smells defined by Fowler and object oriented code smells studied on  Android. We developed a tool that can detect these code smells in Swift applications. We …
Fling-A fluent API generator | Y Gil, O Roth - … Conference on Object-Oriented Programming  …, 2019 - drops.dagstuhl.de | … (See, eg, [5] for motivation and applications.) A straightforward solution for the limited set of  regular … Free Language (DCFL) can be encoded in a type system that supports unbounded  parametric polymorphism, while employing only a polynomial (in the size of the language …
Reducing the unit costs of supplying drilling rigs with spare parts based on information provided by the neural network classifier | F Abu-Abed - E3S Web of Conferences, 2019 - e3s-conferences.org | … Therefore, as a result of the analysis of existing modeling languages and requirements for  a simulation model of the drilling material supply system, the C # programming language has  been adopted to develop this model. This language supports object-oriented programming (…
Reasonably-most-general clients for JavaScript library analysis | EK Kristensen, A Møller - … /ACM 41st International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | A well-known approach to statically analyze libraries without having access to their client code  is to model all possible clients abstractly using a most-general client. In dynamic languages,  however, a most-general client would be too general: it may interact with the library in …
Modelica based object-oriented modeling and pd-computed torque control of a 2-dof robotic arm | MM Al Ashi, H Elaydi, IA Hadrous - … International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … INTRODUCTION Robotic Manipulators are widely used in various industrial applications such  as car manufacturing, space exploration, … models for commonly used systems and components  that are ready for use. This paper introduces an object-oriented Modelica model for a 2-…
Towards verification of Ethereum smart contracts: a formalization of core of Solidity | J Zakrzewski - Working Conference on Verified Software: Theories …, 2018 - Springer | … To model the object-oriented nature of Solidity contracts, we abstract from the low-level  EVM view of the account storage as a mapping of … However this is not a new problem, as it  has long been known in the context of verification of object-oriented programs [3, 10, 11, 13]. …
An AudioWorklet-based Signal Engine for a Live Coding Language Ecosystem | F Bernardo, C Kiefer… - Web Audio Conference …, 2019 - webaudioconf.com | … Furthermore, we contribute with a new system implementation, engineered for modern web  applications, and for the live coding community to … of the ACM international conference  companion on Object-Oriented Programming, Systems, Languages, and Applications. ACM, 2011. …
A role-based architecture for self-adaptive cyber-physical systems | T Kluge - … Engineering for Adaptive and Self-Managing Systems, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Possible metrics for code complexity include the number of written statements and the  number of independent linear control flow paths through a sequential program (Cyclomatic  complexity). For object-oriented programs, the complexity of the underlying object class model is …
A context-oriented programming approach to dependency hell | Y Tanabe, T Aotani, H Masuhara - … on Context-Oriented Programming …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … First, if a newer version of a library than required is given to run an application, the application  … objectoriented programming (OOP). This means that we need classes and/or objects to  have multiple versions of definitions in one program. It is desirable to avoid an OOP language …
An aggregated coupling measure for the analysis of object-oriented software systems | IG Czibula, G Czibula, DL Miholca… - Journal of Systems and …, 2019 - Elsevier | … object-oriented design is characterized by the principle of low coupling and high cohesion,  being known that the main symptom for badly-structured systems is … We represent each  application class c from the software system as an n-dimensional vector, where n is the number of …
Use of computer computer-integrated technologies in training of engineering speciali specialists | V Vasylkiv, M Pylypets, L Danylchenko… - … Conference „Advanced …, 2021 - elartu.tntu.edu.ua | … to use basic application packages and database management systems to solve professional  problems; develop modern computer programs for communication with engineering programs  using object-oriented programming; set and solve optimization problems; design and …
Investigation of production costs in manufacturing environment using innovative tools | S Nandhakumar, R Thirumalai, J Viswaaswaran… - Materials Today …, 2021 - Elsevier | … Object oriented programming language … Programming Language” has discussed the  python programming characteristics and features, this paper gives the overview as Python is a  very high-level, dynamic, object-oriented, general purpose programming language that uses …
oemof. solph—A model generator for linear and mixed-integer linear optimisation of energy systems | U Krien, P Schönfeldt, J Launer, S Hilpert… - Software Impacts, 2020 - Elsevier | … To tackle this problem, oemof.solph facilitates the formulation of (mixed-integer) linear  programs from a generic object-oriented structure. Its … Both users at different levels and new  developers, attend the oemof developer and user meetings that are held on a regular basis. …
JDap: Supporting in-memory data persistence in javascript using Intel's PMDK | L You, H Xu, Q Zhang, T Li, C Li, Y Chen… - Journal of Systems …, 2019 - Elsevier | … The state-of-the-art is in-memory data persistence, requiring data in the memory to be persistent  even when the application … programs is drawing more and more attention as JavaScript is  becoming increasingly popular. As a dynamic object-oriented programming languages, its …
A Proposed Framework of Campus-Oriented Online Text Messaging System. | YW Syaifudin, Y Yunhasnawa… - … Journal of Interactive …, 2020 - researchgate.net | … the design process, execution, testing, and release [25]. All components in the entire system  are written using the object-oriented programming … While for the client application, the React  Native engine has adopted the JavaScript ECMAScript 6 (ES6) [29] standard that supports …
ASPECT-ORIENTED SOFTWARE TESTING TECHNIQUES: A REVIEW. | S Dalal, S Hooda - International Journal of Advanced Research in …, 2018 - researchgate.net | … Large and complex applications can be developed easily with aspect-oriented programming  paradigm (AOPP). So, AOPP coping with … This approach extends the concept of modularity  used in object-oriented programming paradigm. AA Ghani et.al. [23] also proposed a …
Advanced analytical tool for flexible pavement design and evaluation | H Huang, J Luo, M Moaveni, II Qamhia… - … 2019: Design …, 2019 - ascelibrary.org | … C++ programming language is chosen with highly modularized and extensible functionality  utilizing the concept of Object-Oriented Programming (… From the perspective of programming,  C++ language with object-oriented programming feature has been chosen as the candidate …
Research of the possibilities for using and linking TRIZ methods with systems engineering | O Bielefeld, V Sizikov, N Schlüter - International TRIZ Future Conference, 2019 - Springer | … In product development it is important not only to focus on its functionality or primary useful  function(s) (PNF) according to TRIZ, but also to deal with the context of application and handling  to improve the ergonomy and usability of products. Due to the technological development …
A tale of two cities: How WebView induces bugs to Android applications | J Hu, L Wei, Y Liu, SC Cheung, H Huang - … IEEE International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Specifically, we selected open-source Android apps as our study subjects because we need  to dig into the apps’ documented bugs and … the 2013 ACM SIGPLAN international conference  on Object oriented programming systems languages & applications (OOPSLA 2013), Vol…
Mobile Learning for Early Detection Cancer. | HH Muljo, AS Perbangsa… - International Journal of …, 2018 - researchgate.net | … designs use the ADDIE (Analysis Design Development Implementation Evaluations) model  and methods for developing object-oriented programming systems using Unified Modeling  Language (UML). The resulting output is the application of early detection of cancer-based …
Structural language models of code | U Alon, R Sadaka, O Levy… - International Conference …, 2020 - proceedings.mlr.press | … programming language without any restriction on its vocabulary or structure. Specifically, we  focus on generating code in context: given a program P and some part of the program p, the  … We believe that structural language modeling enables a wide range of future applications, …
MAD: Memory Allocation meets Software Diversity | M Wiesinger, D Dorfmeister… - Workshop on DRAM …, 2021 - dramsec.ethz.ch | … of the 2014 ACM International Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems  Languages & Applications, OOPSLA 2014, part of … -typed languages on heterogeneous platforms  using guards optimization,” in 32nd European Conference on Object-Oriented Programming, …
Object-oriented event-graph modeling formalism to simulate manufacturing systems in the Industry 4.0 era | L Tiacci - Simulation Modelling Practice and Theory, 2020 - Elsevier | … Event Graphs have been used to model manufacturing systems, such as flat panel display  (FPD) production lines [14, 15], applications on … card application [17]. Other EGs templates  and examples related to various manufacturing systems can be found in Choi and Kang [1]. …
Investigation of Containerizing Distributed Petri Net Simulations. | JH Röwekamp, D Moldt, M Feldmann - PNSE@ Petri Nets/ACSD, 2018 - ceur-ws.org | … Reference nets combine the power of an object-oriented programming language with the …  Virtual machines are designed to run applications on a particular system. A hypervisor is …  Similar to object-oriented programming nets are like classes, of which net instances can be created…
The Development of Complex Data Structures Using Object Enhanced Time Petri Nets | D Al-Janabia, TS Letia - … International Conference on System …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … A Java platform that implement such applications is described and a complete system to  manage the operations of the data … of the programming languages that are used for conceiving  data structures systems and database systems are based on object-oriented programming, so …
Don't Worry About it: Managing Variability On-The-Fly | S Krieter, J Krüger, T Leich - … Modelling of Software-Intensive Systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … When we consider our first example of the method login, we can show an application of  this technique. In Listing 6, we depict the source code without annotations, again highlighting  the variable parts in yellow. The developer would mark both lines, assign a feature to each of …
Development of account receivable and payable system for travel bureau company | IGM Karma, J Susanti - Journal of Physics: Conference Series, 2018 - iopscience.iop.org | … This study aims to help travel bureau companies to implement the application of information  … In this research will be used object-oriented approach, with 3 (three) stages that is OOA,  … The OOD (object-oriented design) stage do transformation of analysis model of OOA stage …
Design pattern detection using machine learning techniques | S Chaturvedi, A Chaturvedi, A Tiwari… - … Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper we have created our dataset by using 71 objectoriented programs ie in the …  For preparing the datasets, the object-oriented program ie 71 java projects, that are used in …  -based software that enables application users to access their software system code to find out …
Post-literate Programming: Linking Discussion and Code in Software Development Teams | S Park, AX Zhang, DR Karger - The 31st Annual ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … between team members such as their communication tools and team meeting schedule. We  also asked them to bring to the interview one or … In Companion to the 21st ACM SIGPLAN  symposium on Object-oriented programming systems, languages, and applications. ACM, 681–…
Training Difficulties in Deductive Methods of Verification and Synthesis of Program | M Todorova, D Orozova - Training, 2018 - pdfs.semanticscholar.org | … programs, runtime verification of programs and verification of object−oriented programs via  … The methodology of training in these methods of program verification and synthesis is … −C  systems are not introduced, due to the limited classes, only the results of their application are …
Web-based application of high school laboratory administration: Case study at sma pasundan 8, Bandung, Indonesia | S Sulistijono, M Pradana, DW Nugraha… - … Conference on …, 2020 - ieomsociety.org | … of the system to be built, analysis of application requirements and analysis of software and  hardware requirements. The design using object oriented … Language (UML) with object-oriented  programming languages, such as Java, Borland Delphi, Visual Basic, C ++, and others. …
Scalable incremental building with dynamic task dependencies | G Konat, S Erdweg, E Visser - … /ACM International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we design, implement, and evaluate a new incremental build algorithm for  build systems with dynamic task dependencies. … We can collect changed files, for example,  from IDEs that manage their workspace or by using a file system watchdog. Our algorithm uses …
A Hybrid Approach to Re-Host and Mix Transactional COBOL and Java Code in Java EE Web Applications using Open Source Software. | P Brune - WEBIST, 2018 - scitepress.org | … programs as part of Java EE application servers. It is build on established Open Source  Software (OSS) components and executes on any Un*x-like operating system, … In Companion  to the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN conference on Objectoriented programming systems languages and …
Generating UML Class Diagram from Natural Language Requirements: A Survey of Approaches and Techniques | EA Abdelnabi, AM Maatuk… - … Meeting of the Conference …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Recent developments of software engineering depend on object-oriented analysis and  design (OOAD) using UML for software … The tool considers nouns as objects and uses links to  identify relationships. However, the tool lacks precision in picking the objects for large systems …
UPC++: A high-performance communication framework for asynchronous computation | J Bachan, SB Baden, S Hofmeyr… - 2019 IEEE …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … X10: an object-oriented approach to nonuniform cluster computing. In: Proceedings of  the 20th Annual ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Object-Oriented Programming, Systems,  Languages, and Applications. (OOPSLA’05) (2005). doi:10.1145/1103845.1094852 [23] S. …
A server-side javascript security architecture for secure integration of third-party libraries | N van Ginkel, W De Groef, F Massacci… - Security and …, 2019 - hindawi.com | … This journal version of the NodeSentry conference paper extends the conference publication  with a more detailed description of the … objective is to build a practical mechanism that  an application developer can use to confine third-party libraries included in his application. …
A fuzzy approach for estimating quality of aspect oriented systems | PJ Kaur, S Kaushal - International Journal of Parallel Programming, 2020 - Springer | … Since classes are not suitable for large applications with higher level of organisation, packages  were introduced. Organizing classes into … Maintainability task for object oriented systems.  Aspect oriented systems are designed to enhance object oriented systems by modularizing …
Development of a spatial decision support system for land-use suitability assessment: The case of complex tourism accommodation in Greece | M Lazoglou, DC Angelides - Research in Globalization, 2020 - Elsevier | … The system presented in this paper combines Ontologies, GIS and Object-oriented programming,  … , an object-oriented programming language used to develop applications compatible with  … The response of the system to meeting the criteria of its database, which were designated …
QBE: QLearning-based exploration of android applications | Y Koroglu, A Sen, O Muslu, Y Mete… - … Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … person uses mobile phones 3 hours a day and spends 90% of this time on mobile  applications (non-browsing activity) [1]. Following the growing trend of the mobile application  market, there is an increasing focus on mobile application testing in top testing conferences and …
Shyftoo, an object-oriented monte carlo simulation library for the modeling of stochastic hybrid fault tree automaton | F Chiacchio, JI Aizpurua, L Compagno… - … Systems with Applications, 2020 - Elsevier | … design and resolution of such models, in this section, an Object Oriented (… a design paradigm  based on the division of responsibilities for an application or system into individual reusable  and self-sufficient objects. The popular approach of OO design is to view a software system …
Staccato: cache-aware work-stealing task scheduler for shared-memory systems | R Kuchumov, A Sokolov, V Korkhov - … Science and Its Applications, 2018 - Springer | … X10: an object-oriented approach to non-uniform cluster computing. In: Proceedings of  the 20th Annual ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Object Oriented Programming, Systems,  Languages, and Applications, pp. 519–538 (2005). https://doi.org/10.1145/1094811.1094852…
Trialogical learning and object-oriented collaboration | S Paavola, K Hakkarainen - International Handbook of Computer …, 2021 - Springer | … We briefly introduce object-oriented collaboration and the trialogical approach where human  … Several approaches focusing on object-oriented collaboration are analyzed, including those  … Finally, we anticipate future uses of trialogical learning and object-oriented collaboration. …
Block oriented programming: Automating data-only attacks | KK Ispoglou, B AlBassam, T Jaeger… - … ACM SIGSAC Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … payloads to program traces is NP-hard, so BOPC first reduces the search space by pruning  infeasible paths and then uses heuristics to … We execute 13 SPL payloads applied to 10  popular applications. BOPC successfully finds payloads and complex execution traces – which …
Analyzing and Implementing a System For Reporting, Follow Up and Resolving of Complaints | A AL Abbas, K Alzayer, A Alkhaldi… - … , AA, ALZAYER, K …, 2019 - papers.ssrn.com | … By this application we are trying to solve some problems we face on daily … design is to  make the user's interaction as simple and efficient as possible, in terms of accomplishing user  goals. The programming language utilized in this work is Visual Studio-ASP.NET programming …
Semantic domain-specific languages | VS Gumirov, PY Matyukov… - … Multi-Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Development and application of semantic domainspecific languages is based on the … On the  other hand, in the practical applications necessity arises of working with classes of … we retrieve  knowledge from natural language texts: the signature of an algebraic system that we build …
A framework for checking regression test selection tools | C Zhu, O Legunsen, A Shi… - … International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We first describe the rules that RTSCHECK uses to detect … programs, AutoEP mutates  first-revision programs using a set of program evolution operators that we define based on the  literature on developing safe RTS techniques for object oriented programming languages [17], [43…
Developing a Novel Approach of Data Storage and Retrieval for Online Multimedia GIS Applications using Multimedia in GIS Approach | AI Ejiga, FI Okeke - … Journal of Scientific Engineering and Science …, 2020 - academia.edu | This research was aimed at mmbreaking the jinx of non-availability of suitable database for  multimedia GIS especially the GIS in multimedia mode. An overview of existing database  systems is given. The multimedia data collected included the audio, image, text and video. The …
Crysl: An extensible approach to validating the correct usage of cryptographic apis | S Krüger, J Späth, K Ali, E Bodden… - IEEE Transactions on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper is based on a conference paper [28] published at the European Conference on  Object-Oriented Programming 2018. … To obtain concise usage specifications, we decided  to design CRYSL to use white listing in most places (ie, defining secure uses explicitly, while …
Stubs and drivers generator for object-oriented program testing using sequence and class diagrams | P Luengruengroj, T Suwannasart - … 5th International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—This paper aims to present a tool named Stubs and Drivers Generation Tool  which is a web application for generating stub and driver source code from an UML, sequence  diagram and a class diagram. Testers can automate the unit testing with our tool. The tool will …
MLIR: A compiler infrastructure for the end of Moore's law | C Lattner, M Amini, U Bondhugula, A Cohen… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … the system: the LLVM Intermediate Representation (IR) is roughly “C with vectors”, and JVM  provides an “object-oriented type system with … In Proceedings of the ACM International  Conference on Object Oriented Programming Systems Languages and Applications, OOPSLA ’10…
SynEva: Evaluating ml programs by mirror program synthesis | Y Qin, H Wang, C Xu, X Ma, J Lu - … International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We are also working on SynEvas application to other ML programs but consider them as our  future work. In the following, we explain how … Similar to existing differential testing techniques,  our SynEva approach also uses a cross-reference oracle for evaluating an ML program’s …
Fusing modeling and programming into language-oriented programming | M Voelter - International Symposium on Leveraging Applications of …, 2018 - Springer | … language-oriented programming, the approach to {modeling|programming} we have  successfully used over the last 7 years to build a range of innovative systems in … It relies on  domain-specific languages, modular language extension, mixed notations, and in particular, the …
Thinging-based conceptual modeling: Case study of a tendering system | S Al-Fedaghi, E Haidar - arXiv preprint arXiv:2007.00168, 2020 - arxiv.org | … We focus on conceptual modeling, specifically on the Object-Oriented (OO) approach as  applied in the Unified Modeling Language (UML, … (1997), in “class hierarchies in object-oriented  programming, the basic classes typically end up in the middle of the class hierarchy. In …
