Intelligent design automation for 2.5/3D heterogeneous SoC integration | IHR Jiang, YW Chang, JL Huang… - … International Conference …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | As the design complexity grows dramatically in modern circuit designs, 2.5 D/3D chip/package/board  integration has become a key to beat process limitation for optimizing system performance  and power consumption. Among the explored technologies, the wafer-level …
Machine learning enables design automation of microfluidic flow-focusing droplet generation | A Lashkaripour, C Rodriguez, N Mehdipour… - Nature …, 2021 - nature.com | … More importantly, accurate performance prediction allows design automation tools for … ,  we develop a web-based tool, DAFD (Design Automation of Fluid Dynamics), that can predict  the … Furthermore, we develop and verify a design automation tool that can design a droplet …
Electronic design automation tools for superconducting circuits | CJ Fourie - Journal of Physics: Conference Series, 2020 - iopscience.iop.org | … Superconducting integrated circuits have long been completely handcrafted or at best  designed with a loose collection of tools that require manual manipulation of data and design  transfer between tools. Electronic Design Automation (EDA) software development requires …
Design Automation for Cyber-Physical Systems [Scanning the Issue] | Q Zhu, A Sangiovanni-Vincentelli, S Hu… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … for the CPS community, both academic researchers and industrial developers, to aggressively  pursue design automation to develop a … program committees for a number of conferences  in design automation, cyber–physical systems, embedded systems, and realtime systems. …
Design Automation for Dilution of a Fluid Using Programmable Microfluidic Device--Based Biochips | A Gupta, JD Huang, S Yamashita, S Roy - … on Design Automation of …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … The proposed design automation using the architectural mapping scheme reduces the required  chip area and, hence, minimizes the valve … Design automation of the sample preparation  over PMD-chip needs automation of fluidic operations on-chip. Fluidic operations performed …
Workshops on Extreme Scale Design Automation (ESDA) Challenges and Opportunities for 2025 and Beyond | R Bahar, AK Jones, S Katkoori, PH Madden… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … The emphasis on big data for design automation has been recently amplified at the Design  Automation Conference with a discussion of challenges and opportunities in managing big  data for EDA [18]. Presenters from the industry identified significant progress and pointed out …
Design automation for smart building systems | R Jia, B Jin, M Jin, Y Zhou… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The functional requirements, eg, “we need an occupancy-driven HVAC system,” can be  captured by a set of predefined features in the design automation tool, and the extra-functional  requirements, eg, “the total retrofit cost should not exceed $50000,” can be represented by …
Using Electronic Design Automation and Guided Inquiry Learning Model in Higher Engineering Education | M Rifai, S Masitoh, BS Bachri… - Universal Journal …, 2020 - repository.unisbablitar.ac.id | … Abstract Electronic design automation software is a part of software learning. This study  uses digital electronic circuit design software as learning media, namely, Electronic Design  Automation (EDA), in the form of simulations and a guided inquiry learning model in higher …
Design automation by integrating generative adversarial networks and topology optimization | S Oh, Y Jung, I Lee, N Kang - … Conferences and …, 2018 - asmedigitalcollection.asme.org | … this paper proposes a design automation process by combining GANs and topology  optimization. The suggested process has been applied to the wheel design of automobiles and  has shown that an aesthetically superior and technically meaningful design can be automatically …
Design Automation of 5-T OTA using gm/ID methodology | TB Kumar, GK Sharma, AK Johar… - … IEEE Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … in analog design is operational transconductance amplifier (OTA) and the design process of  this … Design automation is also an important issue for designing. This paper uses this method  … Also, design automation has been carried out in order to iterate the process. The necessary …
Analog/mixed-signal hardware error modeling for deep learning inference | AS Rekhi, B Zimmer, N Nedovic, N Liu… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the 56th Annual Design Automation Conference 2019: Analog/Mixed-Signal …  In Proceedings of the 22nd Asia and South Pacific Design Automation Conference (ASP-DAC). …  In Proceedings of the 54th Annual Design Automation Conference 2017. Austin. …
Circuits and techniques for cell-based analog design automation in advanced processes | D Moore - 2018 - deepblue.lib.umich.edu | … This thesis examines that state of cell-based analog design automation, and presents new  techniques which will enable this approach to be used for analog blocks high speed processors.  First, analytical modeling was performed for cell-based oscillators, removing the ad hoc …
Inversion coefficient optimization based analog/RF circuit design automation | E Afacan - Microelectronics Journal, 2019 - Elsevier | … On the other hand, when the design constraints are hard (limited power and area budgets),  the design duration is excessively increased due to numerous re-design iterations. Design  automation tools also suffer from the same problem, where they either find overdesigned …
Transparency of design automation systems using visual programming–within the mechanical manufacturing industry | T Heikkinen - Proceedings of the Design Society, 2021 - cambridge.org | … ABSTRACT One challenge with design automation is system transparency with adjustable  … applied in the building industry, where design assets and external references are wrapped  … manufacturing industry, an existing textual design automation system was transformed into a …
DyHard-DNN: Even more DNN acceleration with dynamic hardware reconfiguration | M Putic, S Venkataramani, S Eldridge… - … Automation Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have demonstrated their utility across a wide range of input  data types, usable across diverse computing substrates, from edge devices to datacenters.  This broad utility has resulted in myriad hardware accelerator architectures. However, DNNs …
Real Time Electronic Design Automation (EDA) Scheduling System in IC Design Industry | JN Zheng, CF Chien, TY Lin - … of the 2019 International Conference on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … The complexity of the IC design is getting higher with Moore's Law’s evolution. The  modularization is common method to design the IC. Electronic Design Automation (EDA) tool is  widely used in IC design industry for shortening the development time. The engineer will use EDA …
Subsea Structure and Pipeline Design Automation Using Digital Field Twin | S Bhowmik, H Naik - Offshore Technology Conference, 2020 - onepetro.org | … along with standard pipeline design calculations. In this paper, a cost-effective, user-friendly  and highly reliable subsea pipeline design automation framework under the cloud-based  digital field twin platform is presented. The FEED and detail design phase of the subsea …
Design automation for customised and large-scale additive manufacturing: a case study on custom kayaks | D Lithgow, C Morrison, G Pexton… - … Conference on …, 2019 - cambridge.org | … However, a substantial amount of manual work is still required during the customisation  process, both in design and manufacturing.This … combines design automation with a user  interface.The results point to the benefit of the proposed methodology in terms of design efficiency, …
BLASYS: approximate logic synthesis using boolean matrix factorization | S Hashemi, H Tann, S Reda - … Design Automation Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … a subcircuit design-space exploration technique to identify the best order for subcircuit  approximations. Our method leads to a smooth trade-off between accuracy and full circuit complexity  as measured by design area and power consumption. Using an industrial strength design …
Cooperative arithmetic-aware approximation techniques for energy-efficient multipliers | V Leon, K Asimakopoulos, S Xydis, D Soudris… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Inspired from the promising results of prior works with one configuration parameter, we  propose 5 hybrid design families for approximate … in a vertical cross-level design approach  and further optimized. More specifically, we introduce 5 design families for inaccurate yet energy-…
SMApproxLib: Library of FPGA-based approximate multipliers | S Ullah, SS Murthy, A Kumar - … Design Automation Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Utilizing an FPGA-based accurate n×n multiplier design, optimized for area and energy  efficiency, the novel contributions of this paper include a design space exploration methodology  for generating approximate multipliers of arbitrary data sizes. For eachn×n accurate multiplier…
Research Directions in Democratizing Innovation through Design Automation, One-Click Manufacturing Services and Intelligent Machines | B Starly, A Angrish, P Cohen - arXiv preprint arXiv:1909.10476, 2019 - arxiv.org | … New emerging technology in design automation driven by data-driven computational  design, manufacturing-as-a-service marketplaces and digitally enabled micro-factories holds  promise towards democratization of innovation. In this paper, scientific, technology and …
Design automation of a fully differential switched capacitor amplifier using a telescopic cascode OTA | OA Abu-El-ela, AA Aldaly… - … Science Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Although the gm/ID design methodology offers an accurate and a reliable solution, the design  procedure of an analog block still needs … be saved by automating the design flow using a  computer program. This paper proposes the design automation of a fully-differential switched …
Programming quantum computers using design automation | M Soeken, T Haener, M Roetteler - 2018 Design, Automation & …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … De Micheli, “Design automation and design space exploration for quantum computers,” in  Design, Automation and Test in Europe, 2017, … of reversible logic synthesis using  conventional logic synthesis,” in Design Automation Conference, 2016, pp. 149:1–149:6. [64] B. …
Bambu: an Open-Source Research Framework for the High-Level Synthesis of Complex Applications | F Ferrandi, VG Castellana, S Curzel… - … Design Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents the open-source high-level synthesis (HLS) research framework Bambu.  Bambu provides a research environment to experiment with new ideas across HLS, high-level  verification and debugging, FPGA/ASIC design, design flow space exploration, and …
Structural Modelling, Design Automation, and a Generalized Routing Technique for Digital Microfluidic Biochips with Hexagonal Electrodes | A Dutta, R Majumder, D Dhal… - 2019 IEEE Region 10 …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Being concerned about various advancements and considering all design specifications  along with the decisive factors like fluidic and pin constraints, we have structured the hexagonal  electrode based digital microfluidic biochip system over traditional square electrodes, and …
Design of Measuring Channel Systems and Automation Tools | VI Akimov, AV Polukazakov… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The article discusses probable methods for designing measuring channels (further they will  be referred to as MC) of automation systems for industrial facilities based on statistical criteria.  A brief review of the design of measuring channels according to circuit design, metrological …
An energy-efficient network-on-chip design using reinforcement learning | H Zheng, A Louri - … of the 56th Annual Design Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The design space for energy-efficient Network-on-Chips (NoCs) has expanded significantly  comprising a number of techniques. The simultaneous application of these techniques to  yield maximum energy efficiency requires the monitoring of a large number of system …
Design automation of digital in-process models of parts of aircraft structures | K Tairova, V Shiskin, L Kamalov - International Conference on Information …, 2019 - Springer | … The research methods include the modern approaches in design automation, branch-wise  reviews and analytics, the methods of … To maintain the DIMP design automation authors  propose the methodology. It includes the individual tasks for the parts produced of the …
Context-aware convolutional neural network over distributed system in collaborative computing | J Choi, Z Hakimi, PW Shin, J Sampson… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In the Internet of Things (IoT) era, such devices attached to sensors offer tremendous  opportunities for distributed system design. Suppose that we design a security system  performing face recognition across multiple cameras. The final classification cannot be reliably …
Geometric programming-based power optimization and design automation for a digitally controlled pulse width modulator | P Rajeswari, G Shekar, S Devi… - Circuits, Systems, and …, 2018 - Springer | … design example in Cadence 90 nm fabrication technology is presented to substantiate the  suggested methodology for unified design automation … In the close scrutiny of design  automation of mixed circuits [24], analog to digital converters, especially Pipelined ADC [6, 25] and …
QURE: Qubit re-allocation in noisy intermediate-scale quantum computers | A Ash-Saki, M Alam, S Ghosh - … Annual Design Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Concerted efforts by the academia and the industries eg, IBM, Google and Intel have brought  us to the era of Noisy Intermediate-Scale Quantum (NISQ) computers. Qubits, the basic  elements of quantum computer, have been proven extremely susceptible to different noises. …
How secure are deep learning algorithms from side-channel based reverse engineering? | M Alam, D Mukhopadhyay - … 56th Annual Design Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Deep Learning has become a de-facto paradigm for various prediction problems including  many privacy-preserving applications, where the privacy of data is a serious concern. There  have been efforts to analyze and exploit information leakages from DNN to compromise data …
Neurocomputing for design automation | HS Park - 2018 - api.taylorfrancis.com | … This book presents a summary of our research in the area of design automation performed  … and b) their design is based on complex highly nonlinear and implicit design constraints. The  … This work demonstrates how a new level is achieved in design automation of one-of-a-kind …
Fault tolerance in neuromorphic computing systems | M Liu, L Xia, Y Wang, K Chakrabarty - … Design Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Resistive Random Access Memory (RRAM) and RRAM-based computing systems (RCS) provide  energy-efficient technology options for neuromorphic computing. However, the applicability  of RCS is limited by reliability problems that arise from the immature fabrication process…
A reverse predictive model towards design automation of microfluidic droplet generators | A Lashkaripour, C Rodriguez, D Douglas - 2018 - core.ac.uk | … We proposed a framework for design automation of microfluidic droplet generators, using a  reverse predictive model. This model, takes the prescribed performance metrics as the input  (droplet size and generation rate). Then, outputs geometry and flow conditions required to …
Chiplet-package co-design for 2.5 D systems using standard ASIC CAD tools | MDA Kabir, Y Peng - … Pacific Design Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this flow, we design the 2.5D package together with the chiplets in the same design  environment of the existing commercial chip … Before moving on to 2.5D system design flow, we  design a monolithic 2D version of our example system as a reference design. Traditional chip …
Toward an open-source digital flow: First learnings from the openroad project | T Ajayi, VA Chhabria, M Fogaça, S Hashemi… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | We describe the planned Alpha release of OpenROAD, an open-source end-to-end silicon  compiler. OpenROAD will help realize the goal of" democratization of hardware design", by  reducing cost, expertise, schedule and risk barriers that confront system designers today. The …
Defects mitigation in resistive crossbars for analog vector matrix multiplication | F Zhang, M Hu - … South Pacific Design Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | With storage and computation happening at the same place, computing in resistive crossbars  minimizes data movement and avoids the memory bottleneck issue. It leads to ultra-high  energy efficiency for data-intensive applications. However, defects in crossbars severely affect …
Reconciling remote attestation and safety-critical operation on simple iot devices | X Carpent, K Eldefrawy… - … Design Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Remote attestation (RA) is a means of malware detection, typically realized as an interaction  between a trusted verifier and a potentially compromised remote device (prover). RA is  especially relevant for low-end embedded devices that are incapable of protecting themselves …
DRL-cloud: Deep reinforcement learning-based resource provisioning and task scheduling for cloud service providers | M Cheng, J Li, S Nazarian - … design automation conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Cloud computing has become an attractive computing paradigm in both academia and industry.  Through virtualization technology, Cloud Service Providers (CSPs) that own data centers  can structure physical servers into Virtual Machines (VMs) to provide services, resources, …
A machine learning attack resistant multi-PUF design on FPGA | Q Ma, C Gu, N Hanley, C Wang, W Liu… - … Design Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Moreover, we show that it is feasible to implement the proposed MPUF design on a Xilinx  Artix7 FPGA, and that it achieves a … design in Section 2. In Section 3 we present a mathematical  model of the proposed MPUF design and compare it to a conventional Arbiter PUF design…
Programmable neuromorphic circuit based on printed electrolyte-gated transistors | DD Weller, M Hefenbrock, MB Tahoori… - … Design Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Neuromorphic computing systems have demonstrated many advantages for popular  classification problems with significantly less computational resources. We present in this paper  the design, fabrication and training of a programmable neuromorphic circuit, which is based on …
Concurrent monitoring of operational health in neural networks through balanced output partitions | E Ozen, A Orailoglu - … Pacific Design Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The abundant usage of deep neural networks in safety-critical domains such as autonomous  driving raises concerns regarding the impact of hardware-level faults on deep neural network  computations. As a failure can prove to be disastrous, low-cost safety mechanisms are …
Accelerating FPGA prototyping through predictive model-based HLS design space exploration | S Liu, FCM Lau, BC Schafer - … Design Automation Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | One of the advantages of High-Level Synthesis (HLS), also called C-based VLSI-design, over  traditional RT-level VLSI design flows, is that multiple micro-architectures of unique area vs.  performance can be automatically generated by setting different synthesis options, typically …
Approximate Computing for ML: State-of-the-art, Challenges and Visions | G Zervakis, H Saadat, H Amrouch… - … Design Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper, we present our state-of-the-art approximate techniques that cover the main pillars  of approximate computing research. Our analysis considers both static and reconfigurable  approximation techniques as well as operation-specific approximate components (eg, …
Simulated dynamic finite-element experiments and automatic assembly synthesis for mechanical design automation | I Chatziparasidis, D Giagopoulos… - … Journal of Product …, 2018 - inderscienceonline.com | … To present a framework addressing both these issues, we introduce: a) a method that uses  finite-element (FE) models and simulated dynamic experiments to deduct new design rules,  instead of performing experiments with full scale prototypes; b) a CAD system based on the …
pySBOL: a python package for genetic design automation and standardization | BA Bartley, K Choi, M Samineni, Z Zundel… - ACS synthetic …, 2018 - ACS Publications | This paper presents pySBOL, a software library for computer-aided design of synthetic biological  systems in the Python scripting language. This library provides an easy-to-use, object-oriented,  application programming interface (API) with low barrier of entry for synthetic biology …
Reverse Engineered Design Automation: Applying Knowledge Based Engineering Techniques to a Case of Automotive Fixtures Design Configuration | C Johansson - … of the Design Society: International Conference on …, 2019 - cambridge.org | … design and configuration of these are time-consuming and takes a lot of effort. The  objective with this paper is to explore the use of a design automation … a knowledge-based  engineering approach applied to a computer aided design (CAD) environment. A reverse-engineered …
Inducing local timing fault through EM injection | M Ghodrati, B Yuce, S Gujar… - … Design Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Electromagnetic fault injection (EMFI) is an efficient class of physical attacks that can  compromise the immunity of secure cryptographic algorithms. Despite successful EMFI attacks,  the effects of electromagnetic injection (EM) on a processor are not well understood. This paper …
Safety-assured design and adaptation of learning-enabled autonomous systems | Q Zhu, C Huang, R Jiao, S Lan, H Liang… - … Design Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Future autonomous systems will employ sophisticated machine learning techniques for the  sensing and perception of the surroundings and the making corresponding decisions for  planning, control, and other actions. They often operate in highly dynamic, uncertain and …
Achieving defect-free multilevel 3D flash memories with one-shot program design | CC Ho, YC Li, YH Chang… - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This work is motivated by the hunger of achieving the defect-free 3D NAND flash memories  so that it can ease the development/design overheads of flash memory based devices. We  aim at exploring a one-shot programming design to eliminate the performance overheads …
High performance graph convolutional networks with applications in testability analysis | Y Ma, H Ren, B Khailany, H Sikka, L Luo… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Applications of deep learning to electronic design automation (EDA) have recently begun to  emerge, although they have mainly been limited to processing of regular structured data  such as images. However, many EDA problems require processing irregular structures, and it …
Low-power implementation of Mitchell's approximate logarithmic multiplication for convolutional neural networks | MS Kim, AA Del Barrio, R Hermida… - … Design Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper proposes a low-power implementation of the approximate logarithmic multiplier  to improve the power consumption of convolutional neural networks for image classification,  taking advantage of its intrinsic tolerance to error. The approximate logarithmic multiplier …
MLParest: Machine learning based parasitic estimation for custom circuit design | B Shook, P Bhansali, C Kashyap… - … Design Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | A novel machine learning based parasitic estimation (MLParest) method for pre-layout custom  circuit design is presented. It reduces the error between pre-layout and post-layout circuit  simulation from 37% to 8% on average for different measurements across a variety of analog …
Similarity-aware spectral sparsification by edge filtering | Z Feng - … 55th ACM/ESDA/IEEE Design Automation Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In recent years, spectral graph sparsification techniques that can compute ultra-sparse  graph proxies have been extensively studied for accelerating various numerical and graph-related  applications. Prior nearly-linear-time spectral sparsification methods first extract low-stretch …
Cost-and dataset-free stuck-at fault mitigation for ReRAM-based deep learning accelerators | G Jung, M Fouda, S Lee, J Lee… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … in neuromorphic computing systems,” in Proceedings of the 24th Asia and South Pacific Design  Automation Conference. ACM, Jan. 2019. … -based neuromorphic design with high defects,”  in Proceedings of the 54th Annual Design Automation Conference 2017. ACM, Jun. 2017. …
P3M: a PIM-based neural network model protection scheme for deep learning accelerator | W Li, Y Wang, H Li, X Li - … South Pacific Design Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | This work is oriented at the edge computing scenario that terminal deep learning accelerators  use pre-trained neural network models distributed from third-party providers (eg from data  center clouds) to process the private data instead of sending it to the cloud. In this scenario, …
Bdd-based synthesis of optical logic circuits exploiting wavelength division multiplexing | R Matsuo, J Shiomi, T Ishihara, H Onodera… - … Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Optical circuits using nanophotonic devices attract significant interest due to its ultra-high  speed operation. As a consequence, the synthesis methods for the optical circuits also attract  increasing attention. However, existing methods for synthesizing optical circuits mostly rely on …
Establishing reachset conformance for the formal analysis of analog circuits | N Kochdumper, A Tarraf, M Rechmal… - … Design Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present the first work on the automated generation of reachset conformant models for  analog circuits. Our approach applies reachset conformant synthesis to add nondeterminism to  piecewise-linear circuit models so that they enclose all recorded behaviors of the real system…
Ares: A framework for quantifying the resilience of deep neural networks | B Reagen, U Gupta, L Pentecost… - … Design Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | As the use of deep neural networks continues to grow, so does the fraction of compute cycles  devoted to their execution. This has led the CAD and architecture communities to devote  considerable attention to building DNN hardware. Despite these efforts, the fault tolerance of …
A conflict-free approach for parallelizing SAT-based de-camouflaging attacks | X Wang, Q Zhou, Y Cai, G Qu - … Design Automation Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | As one of the most effective proactive countermeasures against reverse engineering, circuit  camouflaging has emerged to be a hot research topic and it is becoming a mature  technology with the development of various de-camouflaging attacks. Among them, the SAT-based …
Calibrating process variation at system level with in-situ low-precision transfer learning for analog neural network processors | K Jia, Z Liu, Q Wei, F Qiao, X Liu, Y Yang… - … Automation Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Process Variation (PV) may cause accuracy loss of the analog neural network (ANN)  processors, and make it hard to be scaled down, as well as feasibility degrading. This paper first  analyses the impact of PV on the performance of ANN chips. Then proposes an in-situ transfer …
Design of reliable DNN accelerator with un-reliable ReRAM | Y Long, X She, S Mukhopadhyay - 2019 Design, Automation & …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents an algorithmic approach to design reliable ReRAM based Processing-in-Memory  (PIM) architecture for Deep Neural Network (DNN) acceleration under intrinsic stochastic  behavior of ReRAM devices. We employ the dynamical fixed point (DFP) data …
Zara: A novel zero-free dataflow accelerator for generative adversarial networks in 3d reram | F Chen, L Song, HH Li, Y Chen - … Annual Design Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) recently demonstrated a great opportunity toward  unsupervised learning with the intention to mitigate the massive human efforts on data  labeling in supervised learning algorithms. GAN combines a generative model and a …
Multi-objective bayesian optimization for analog/rf circuit synthesis | W Lyu, F Yang, C Yan, D Zhou, X Zeng - … Design Automation Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | In this paper, a novel multi-objective Bayesian optimization method is proposed for the sizing  of analog/RF circuits. The proposed approach follows the framework of Bayesian optimization  to balance the exploitation and exploration. Gaussian processes (GP) are used as the …
A Physical-Aware Framework for Memory Network Design Space Exploration | T Shen, D Gao, L Zhang, J Zhao, C Zhuo - … Automation Conference, 2021 - dl.acm.org | At the era of big data, there have been growing demands for server memory capacity and  performance. Memory network is a promising alternative to provide high bandwidth and low  latency through distributed memory nodes connected by high speed interconnect. However, …
Scalable design for field-coupled nanocomputing circuits | M Walter, R Wille, FS Torres, D Große… - … Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … an unsettling lack of methods for large-scale design automation of FCN circuits. In fact, design  automation for this class of technologies still is in its … This work presents a design method  which – for the first time – allows for the scalable design of FCN circuits that satisfy dedicated …
Accuracy vs. efficiency: Achieving both through fpga-implementation aware neural architecture search | W Jiang, X Zhang, EHM Sha, L Yang, Q Zhuge… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We rst study the design principle for schedulers, based on which we present the mechanism  to schedule tasks in the abstraction model. … Kindly note that the proposed schedule paradigm  can also be widely applicable in the design of multi-FPGA systems beyond the scope of …
Energy-efficient convolutional neural networks with deterministic bit-stream processing | SR Faraji, MH Najafi, B Li, DJ Lilja… - … Design, Automation & …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … stochastic-binary designs, the proposed design achieves the same classification rate as the  fixed-point design. This paper is structured as … highquality design of convolutional NNs. In  Section IV, we evaluate the efficiency and performance of the proposed design by hardware …
Full-lock: Hard distributions of sat instances for obfuscating circuits using fully configurable logic and routing blocks | HM Kamali, KZ Azar, H Homayoun… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In this paper, we propose a novel and SAT-resistant logic-locking technique, denoted as Full-Lock,  to obfuscate and protect the hardware against threats including IP-piracy and reverse-engineering.  The Full-Lock is constructed using a set of small-size fully Programmable …
Compiler-driven error analysis for designing approximate accelerators | J Castro-Godínez, S Esser, M Shafique… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Approximate Computing has emerged as a design paradigm suitable to applications with  inherent error resilience. This paradigm aims to reduce the associated computing costs (such  as execution time, area, or energy) of exact calculations by reducing the quality of their results…
Htnet: Transfer learning for golden chip-free hardware trojan detection | S Faezi, R Yasaei… - 2021 Design, Automation & …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Design and fabrication outsourcing has made integrated circuits (IC) vulnerable to malicious  modifications by third parties known as hardware Trojans (HT). Over the last decade, the  use of side-channel measurements for detecting the malicious manipulation of the ICs has …
Optimal memory allocation and scheduling for dma data transfers under the let paradigm | P Pazzaglia, D Casini, A Biondi… - … Automation Conference …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The Logical Execution Time (LET) paradigm is increasingly used to achieve predictable  communications in modern multicore automotive applications. Direct Memory Access (DMA)  engines can perform the data copies that are needed in a LET implementation on behalf of the …
Time-Predictable Computing by Design: Looking Back, Looking Forward | T Mitra - … of the 56th Annual Design Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | We present two contrasting approaches to achieve time predictability in the embedded  compute engine, the basic building block of any Internet of Things (IoT) or Cyber-Physical (CPS)  system. The traditional approach offers predictability on top of unpredictable processors with …
Placement aware design and automation of high speed architectures for tree-structured linear cellular automata on FPGAs with scan path insertion | A Palchaudhuri, S Sharma, AS Dhar - Proceedings of the 2020 ACM …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Our design automation platform generates synthesizable circuit descriptions of tree-structured  CA on FPGA, and appends scan functionality without additional logic … Our architectures  outperform behavioral implementations realized with higher levels of design style abstraction. …
Maximizing the communication parallelism for wavelength-routed optical networks-on-chips | M Li, TM Tseng, M Tala… - … Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this work, we formally model the passive routing behavior in WRONoCs, and propose a  design automation approach to maximize the bit… To take full advantage of the bandwidth  merits of WRONoCs, our work proposes a new design automation approach to maximize the …
CompRRAE: RRAM-based convolutional neural network accelerator with r educed computations through ar untime a ctivation e stimation | X Chen, J Zhu, J Jiang, CY Tsui - … Pacific Design Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Recently Resistive-RAM (RRAM) crossbar has been used in the design of the accelerator of  convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to solve the memory wall issue. However, the intensive  multiply-accumulate computations (MACs) executed at the crossbars during the inference …
S3DET: Detecting System Symmetry Constraints for Analog Circuits with Graph Similarity | M Liu, W Li, K Zhu, B Xu, Y Lin, L Shen… - … Design Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Symmetry and matching between critical building blocks have a significant impact on analog  system performance. However, there is limited research on generating system level symmetry  constraints. In this paper, we propose a novel method of detecting system symmetry …
SkyNet: a hardware-efficient method for object detection and tracking on embedded systems | X Zhang, H Lu, C Hao, J Li, B Cheng… - Proceedings of …, 2020 - proceedings.mlsys.org | … DNN (Deep Neural Network) design, SkyNet provides a bottom-up DNN design approach  with comprehensive understanding of the … winning the competitive System Design Contest for  low power object detection in the 56th IEEE/ACM Design Automation Conference (DAC-SDC)…
A neuromorphic design using chaotic mott memristor with relaxation oscillation | B Yan, X Cao, H Li - … of the 55th Annual Design Automation Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the 55th Annual Design Automation Conference: A neuromorphic design … To  address these problems, our work studies the neuromorphic design that integrates memristor  … Moreover, we evaluate the training efficiency of our design by comparing it with the feed-…
Asynchronous Reinforcement Learning Framework for Net Order Exploration in Detailed Routing | T Qu, Y Lin, Z Lu, Y Su, Y Wei - … Design, Automation & Test in …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The net orders in detailed routing are crucial to routing closure, especially in most modern  routers following the sequential routing manner with the rip-up and reroute scheme. In advanced  technology nodes, detailed routing has to deal with complicated design rules and large …
Design and architectural co-optimization of monolithic 3D liquid state machine-based neuromorphic processor | BW Ku, Y Liu, Y Jin, S Samal, P Li… - … Automation Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … are (1) We carry out ASIC design for LSM neural processors in 2D and M3D ICs with detailed  design comparison. (2) We … design complexity and facilitate IP reuse. While using the  conventional hierarchical design flow for 2D IC design, we adopt the state-of-the-art M3D design …
An efficient SRAM yield analysis using scaled-sigma adaptive importance sampling | L Pang, M Yao, Y Chai - 2020 Design, Automation & Test in …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Statistical SRAM yield analysis has become a growing concern for the requirement of high  integration density and reliability of SRAM under process variations. It is a challenge to estimate  the SRAM failure probability efficiently and accurately because the circuit failure is a "rare-…
A flat timing-driven placement flow for modern FPGAs | T Martin, D Maarouf, Z Abuowaimer, A Alhyari… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In this paper, we propose a novel, flat analytic timing-driven placer without explicit packing  for Xilinx UltraScale FPGA devices. Our work uses novel methods to simultaneously optimize  for timing, wirelength and congestion throughout the global and detailed placement stages. …
No compromises: Secure nvm with crash consistency, write-efficiency and high-performance | F Yang, Y Lu, Y Chen, H Mao… - … Automation Conference  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Data encryption and authentication are essential for secure NVM. However, the introduced  security metadata needs to be atomically written back to NVM along with data, so as to provide  crash consistency, which unfortunately incurs high overhead. To support fine-grained data …
Late breaking results: An efficient learning-based approach for performance exploration on analog and RF circuit synthesis | PC Pan, CC Huang, HM Chen - … Automation Conference (DAC), 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | An efficient synthesis technique for modern analog circuits is important yet challenging due  to the repeatedly re-synthesis process. To precisely explore the analog circuit performance  limitation on the required technology is time-consuming. This work presents a learning-based …
Deep learning-based framework for comprehensive mask optimization | BY Yu, Y Zhong, SY Fang, HF Kuo - … Design Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the 24th Asia and South Pacific Design Automation Conference: Deep  learning-based framework for comprehensive mas … cluster number with clip shifting in  hotspot pattern classification," 2017 Design Automation Conference (DAC), pp. 1-6, 2017. [3] N. …
Exploiting Quantum Teleportation in Quantum Circuit Mapping | S Hillmich, A Zulehner, R Wille - … Automation Conference (ASP …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Quantum computers are constantly growing in their number of qubits, but continue to suffer  from restrictions such as the limited pairs of qubits that may interact with each other. Thus far,  this problem is addressed by mapping and moving qubits to suitable positions for the …
Lightweight node-level malware detection and network-level malware confinement in iot networks | SMP Dinakarrao, H Sayadi, HM Makrani… - … Design, Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The sheer size of IoT networks being deployed today presents an "attack surface" and poses  significant security risks at a scale never before encountered. In other words, a single device/node  in a network that becomes infected with malware has the potential to spread malware …
A 1.17 TOPS/W, 150fps accelerator for multi-face detection and alignment | H Mo, L Liu, W Zhu, Q Li, H Liu, W Hu, Y Wang… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Face detection and alignment are highly-correlated, computation-intensive tasks, without  being flexibly supported by any facial-oriented accelerator yet. This work proposes the first  unified accelerator for multi-face detection and alignment, along with the optimizations on multi-…
Logic synthesis for energy-efficient photonic integrated circuits | Z Zhao, Z Wang, Z Ying, S Dhar… - … Design Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The development of photonic integrated circuits (PICs) has made it possible to accomplish  on-chip optical interconnects and computations. As a promising alternative to traditional  CMOS circuits, optics has demonstrated the ability to realize ultra-high speed and low-power …
Brook Auto: High-level certification-friendly programming for GPU-powered automotive systems | MM Trompouki, L Kosmidis - … Design Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Modern automotive systems require increased performance to implement Advanced Driving  Assistance Systems (ADAS). GPU-powered platforms are promising candidates for such  computational tasks, however current low-level programming models challenge the accelerator …
Prediction-based task migration on S-NUCA many-cores | M Rapp, A Pathania, T Mitra… - 2019 Design, Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Performance of a task running on a many-core with distributed shared Last-Level Cache (LLC)  strongly depends on two factors: the power budget needed to guarantee thermally safe  operation and the LLC latency. The task's thread-to-core mapping determines both the factors. …
An adaptive electromigration assessment algorithm for full-chip power/ground networks | S Ma, X Wang, SXD Tan, L Chen… - … Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper, an adaptive algorithm is proposed to perform electromigration (EM) assessment  for full-chip power/ground networks. Based on the eigenfunction solutions, the proposed  method improves the efficiency by properly selecting the eigenfunction terms and utilizing the …
ApproxLP: Approximate multiplication with linearization and iterative error control | M Imani, A Sokolova, R Garcia, A Huang, F Wu… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In a data hungry world, approximate computing has emerged as one of the solutions to create  higher energy efficiency and faster systems, while providing application tailored quality. In  this paper, we propose ApproxLP, an Approximate Multiplier based on Linear Planes. We …
DeepN-JPEG: a deep neural network favorable JPEG-based image compression framework | Z Liu, T Liu, W Wen, L Jiang, J Xu, Y Wang… - … automation conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the 55th Annual Design Automation Conference: DeepN-JPEG: a deep neural  network favorable JPEG-based image … Quan, łA statistical stt-ram retention model for fast  memory subsystem designs,ž in Design Automation Conference (ASP-DAC), 2017 22nd Asia …
Enabling the design of behavioral systems-on-chip | S Shetty, BC Schafer - … /IEEE Design Automation Conference  …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | High-Level Synthesis (HLS) dramatically facilitates the design and verification of individual  components. These components are typically the dedicated hardware accelerators used  within larger systems, eg image processing, DSP or encrypheterogeneoustion cores. …
LiteIndex: Memory-Efficient Schema-Agnostic Indexing for JSON documents in SQLite | S Shang, Q Wu, T Wang, Z Shao - … Pacific Design Automation Conference, 2021 - dl.acm.org | SQLite with JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) format is widely adopted for local data storage  in mobile applications such as Twitter and Instagram. With more data are generated and  stored, it becomes vitally important to efficiently index and search JSON records in SQLite. …
A low-power high-speed accuracy-controllable approximate multiplier design | T Yang, T Ukezono, T Sato - … Design Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Multiplication is a key fundamental function for many error-tolerant applications. Approximate  multiplication is considered to be an efficient technique for trading off energy against  performance and accuracy. This paper proposes an accuracy-controllable multiplier whose final …
SMatch: Structural matching for fast resynthesis in FPGAS | RT Possignolo, J Renau - … 56th Annual Design Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Designers wait several hours to get synthesis, placement and routing results even for small  changes. Commercial FPGA flows allow for resynthesis after code changes, however, they  target large code changes with not so effective incremental flows. Wepropose SMatch, a flow …
Cyclic locking and memristor-based obfuscation against CycSAT and inside foundry attacks | A Rezaei, Y Shen, S Kong, J Gu… - … Design, Automation & …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The high cost of IC design has made chip protection one of the first priorities of the  semiconductor industry. Although there is a common impression that combinational circuits must  be designed without any cycles, circuits with cycles can be combinational as well. Such cyclic …
Problp: A framework for low-precision probabilistic inference | N Shah, LIG Olascoaga, W Meert… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Bayesian reasoning is a powerful mechanism for probabilistic inference in smart edge-devices.  During such inferences, a low-precision arithmetic representation can enable improved  energy efficiency. However, its impact on inference accuracy is not yet understood. …
Hmd-hardener: Adversarially robust and efficient hardware-assisted runtime malware detection | A Dhavlle, S Shukla, S Rafatirad… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | To overcome the performance overheads incurred by the traditional software-based malware  detection techniques, machine learning (ML) based Hardware-assisted Malware Detection  (HMD) has emerged as a panacea to detect malicious applications and provide security. …
Modeling processor idle times in MPSoC platforms to enable integrated DPM, DVFS, and task scheduling subject to a hard deadline | A Esmaili, M Nazemi, M Pedram - … Pacific Design Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Energy efficiency is one of the most critical design criteria for modern embedded systems such  as multiprocessor system-on-chips (MPSoCs). Dynamic voltage and frequency scaling (DVFS)  and dynamic power management (DPM) are two major techniques for reducing energy …
Runtime Software Selection for Adaptive Automotive Systems | CC Fu, BH Chia, CW Lin - … Design Automation Conference  …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | As automotive systems become more intelligent than ever, they need to handle many  functional tasks, resulting in more and more software programs running in automotive systems.  However, whether a software program should be executed depends on the environmental …
CANN: Curable approximations for high-performance deep neural network accelerators | MA Hanif, F Khalid, M Shafique - … Automation Conference (DAC …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper presents a novel method to design high-performance DNN accelerators where  approximation error(s) from one stage/part of the design is "completely" compensated in the  subsequent stage/part while offering significant efficiency gains. Towards this, the paper also …
On-the-fly and DAG-aware: Rewriting Boolean networks with exact synthesis | H Riener, W Haaswijk, A Mishchenko… - … Design, Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The paper presents a generalization of DAG-aware AIG rewriting for k-feasible Boolean  networks, whose nodes are k-input lookup tables (k-LUTs). We introduce a high-effort DAG-aware  rewriting algorithm, called cut rewriting, which uses exact synthesis to compute …
Noise injection adaption: End-to-end ReRAM crossbar non-ideal effect adaption for neural network mapping | Z He, J Lin, R Ewetz, JS Yuan, D Fan - … Design Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In this work, we investigate various non-ideal effects (Stuck-At-Fault (SAF), IR-drop, thermal  noise, shot noise, and random telegraph noise) of ReRAM crossbar when employing it as a  dot-product engine for deep neural network (DNN) acceleration. In order to examine the …
Error resilience analysis for systematically employing approximate computing in convolutional neural networks | MA Hanif, R Hafiz, M Shafique - … Design, Automation & Test in …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Approximate computing is an emerging paradigm for error resilient applications as it leverages  accuracy loss for improving power, energy, area, and/or performance of an application.  The spectrum of error resilient applications includes the domains of Image and video …
Loom: Exploiting weight and activation precisions to accelerate convolutional neural networks | S Sharify, AD Lascorz, K Siu, P Judd… - … Design Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Loom (LM), a hardware inference accelerator for Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) is  presented. In LM every bit of data precision that can be saved translates to proportional  performance gains. For both weights and activations LM exploits profile-derived per layer …
A modular digital VLSI flow for high-productivity SoC design | B Khailany, E Krimer, R Venkatesan… - … Design Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … design: We propose a C++ object-oriented library-based approach to digital design. The OOHLS  approach includes a communication abstraction and SystemC implementation for latencyinsensitive  design [… to simplify hierarhical digital VLSI design. Per-partition clock generators …
Shuntflow: An efficient and scalable dataflow accelerator architecture for streaming applications | S Gong, J Li, W Lu, G Yan, X Li - … Annual Design Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … The only difference for the two SWAG types is that the merge algorithm is different, so we  should design a reconfigurable merge unit, to efficiently … We compare our design with three  baselines: CPU. The CPU baseline is an Intel Xeon CPU E5-2630 v4 (@2.20 GHz) with 25MB L3 …
Automated accelerator generation and optimization with composable, parallel and pipeline architecture | J Cong, P Wei, CH Yu, P Zhang - … Automation Conference (DAC …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … pipeline (CPP) microarchitecture, an accelerator design template with high exibility to bound  the design space. Then, we perform design space exploration to realize the optimal con  guration of the CPP-based accelerator design to maximize the performance under the resource …
A low-overhead PUF based on parallel scan design | W Wang, A Cui, G Qu, H Li - … Design Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we propose to reuse the parallel scan design existing in the original circuit  to … design has been widely adopted in IC design to facilitate testing as it incurs less testing  time than single scan chain. We propose a new PUF design based on parallel scan design…
ISPD 2018 initial detailed routing contest and benchmarks | S Mantik, G Posser, WK Chow, Y Ding… - … on Physical Design, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Every new technology node comes with more complex design rules making the routing  stage become more and more challenging, and so the routability awareness becomes more  critical in the physical design flow [1-5]. Due to the enormous computational complexity, routing …
Improvements to Boolean resynthesis | L Amarú, M Soeken, P Vuillod, J Luo… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In electronic design automation Boolean resynthesis techniques are increasingly used to  improve the quality of results where algebraic methods hit local minima. Boolean methods rely  on complete functional properties of a logic circuit, preferably including don't care information…
Analyzing and mitigating the impact of permanent faults on a systolic array based neural network accelerator | JJ Zhang, T Gu, K Basu, S Garg - 2018 IEEE 36th VLSI Test …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper deals with the design of faulttolerant, systolic array based DNN accelerators for  high defect rate technologies. To this end, we empirically show that the classification accuracy  of a baseline TPU drops significantly even at extremely low fault rates (as low as 0.006%). …
Scheduling and analysis of parallel real-time tasks with semaphores | X Jiang, N Guan, W Liu, M Yang - … Design Automation Conference 2019, 2019 - dl.acm.org | This paper for the first time studies the scheduling and analysis of parallel real-time tasks with  semaphores. In parallel task systems, each task may issue multiple requests to a semaphore,  which raises new challenges to the design and analysis problems. We propose a new …
Neuro-inspired computing chips | W Zhang, B Gao, J Tang, P Yao, S Yu, MF Chang… - Nature …, 2020 - nature.com | … We also provide a future electronic design automation tool chain and propose a roadmap for  the development of large-scale … -design principles involved in developing large-scale chips  based on non-volatile memory (NVM). We also discuss a future electronic design automation …
PULP-HD: Accelerating brain-inspired high-dimensional computing on a parallel ultra-low power platform | F Montagna, A Rahimi, S Benatti… - … Design Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Computing with high-dimensional (HD) vectors, also referred to as hypervectors, is a brain-inspired  alternative to computing with scalars. Key properties of HD computing include a well-defined  set of arithmetic operations on hypervectors, generality, scalability, robustness, fast …
Characterizing the reliability and threshold voltage shifting of 3D charge trap NAND flash | W Liu, F Wu, M Zhang, Y Wang, Z Lu… - … Design, Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We design the test experiment from a practical point of view, to research the RBER changes  … This method is more matchable to the design concept of flash-based systems. And it is easier  … So like [11] [12], we can predict RBER and design effective algorithm with 3D CT NAND …
Multi-device collaborative management through knowledge sharing | Z Tian, Z Wang, H Li, P Yang… - … Design Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Rapidly evolving embedded applications continuously demand more functionality and  better performance under tight energy and thermal budgets, and maintaining high energy  efficiency has become a significant design challenge for mobile devices. Although learning-based …
Performance-preserved analog routing methodology via wire load reduction | HY Chi, HY Tseng, CNJ Liu… - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … design automation approaches have been proposed for analog circuits to solve this design  bottleneck [1]. Besides the benefit of fast design procedure, good design automation … Analog  design automation has two major steps: circuit sizing and layout generation. Circuit sizing will …
Broadcast Mechanism Based on Hybrid Wireless/Wired NoC for Efficient Barrier Synchronization in Parallel Computing | HK Mondal, N Chatterjee, R Cataldo… - … Design Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Parallel computing is essential to achieve the manycore architecture performance potential,  since it utilizes the parallel nature provided by the hardware for its computing. These  applications will inevitably have to synchronize its parallel execution: for instance, broadcast …
Autosymmetry of Incompletely Specified Functions | A Bernasconi, V Ciriani - 2021 Design, Automation & Test in …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Autosymmetric Boolean functions are “regular functions” that are rather frequent in the set of  Boolean functions describing standard circuits. Autosymmetry is typically exploited for  improving the synthesis time and the quality of the optimized circuits. This paper studies in not a …
Formal semantics of predictable pipelines: a comparative study | M Jan, M Asavoae, M Schoeberl… - … Automation Conference …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Computer architectures used in safety-critical domains are subjected to worst-case execution  time analysis. The presence of performance-driven microarchitectures may trigger undesired  timing phenomena, called timing anomalies, and complicate the timing analysis. This …
Design Automation of Polyomino Set That Self-Assembles into a Desired Shape | Y Matsumura, I Kawamata… - … International Conference …, 2020 - drops.dagstuhl.de | The problem of finding the smallest DNA tile set that self-assembles into a desired pattern or  shape is a research focus that has been investigated by many researchers. In this paper, we  take a polyomino, which is a non-square element composed of several connected square …
XPPE: cross-platform performance estimation of hardware accelerators using machine learning | HM Makrani, H Sayadi, T Mohsenin… - … Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the 24th Asia and South Pacific Design Automation Conference: XPPE:  cross-platform performance estimation of hard … In 24th Asia and South Pacific Design Automation  Conference (ASPDAC ’19), January 21–24, 2019, Tokyo, Japan. ACM, New York, NY, USA, …
Performance, power and cooling trade-offs with NCFET-based many-cores | M Rapp, S Salamin, H Amrouch, G Pahwa… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Negative Capacitance Field-Effect Transistor (NCFET) is an emerging technology that  incorporates a ferroelectric layer within the transistor gate stack to overcome the fundamental  limit of sub-threshold swing in transistors. Even though physics-based NCFET models have been …
RouteNet: Routability prediction for mixed-size designs using convolutional neural network | Z Xie, YH Huang, GQ Fang, H Ren… - … Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Evidently, predicting hotspot locations is much more difficult than forecasting overall  routability, which is often indicated by Design Rule Violation (DRV) count. In this case, even  global routing is not accurate enough [4] due to complicated design rules imposed upon design …
ACCESS: HW/SW co-equivalence checking for firmware optimization | M Schwarz, R Stahl… - … Design Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Customizing embedded computing platforms to specific application domains often necessitates  optimizing the firmware and/or the HW/SW interface under tight resource constraints. Such  optimizations frequently alter the communication between the firmware and the peripheral …
NESTA: Hamming weight compression-based neural proc. engineali mirzaeian | A Mirzaeian, H Homayoun… - … Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper, we present NESTA, a specialized Neural engine that significantly accelerates  the computation of convolution layers in a deep convolutional neural network, while reducing  the computational energy. NESTA reformats Convolutions into 3 × 3 batches and uses a …
Proactive channel adjustment to improve polar code capability for flash storage devices | KC Hsu, CW Tsao, YH Chang, TW Kuo… - … Design Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … adjustment design to extend the e ective time of a code construction to improve the error  correction capability of polar codes. This design pro… In the following sections, we will rst discuss  the design concept of the proposed design in Section 3.2. CLRR is introduced in Section 3.3, …
Improving runtime performance of deduplication system with host-managed SMR storage drives | CF Wu, MC Yang, YH Chang - … Design Automation Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Due to the cost consideration for data storage, high-areal-density shingled-magnetic-recording  (SMR) drives and data deduplication techniques are getting popular in many data storage  services for the improvement of profit per storage unit. However, naively applying …
Compiling SU (4) quantum circuits to IBM QX architectures | A Zulehner, R Wille - … and South Pacific Design Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The Noisy Intermediate-Scale Quantum (NISQ) technology is currently investigated by major  players in the field to build the first practically useful quantum computer. IBM QX architectures  are the first ones which are already publicly available today. However, in order to use them…
Enabling high-dimensional Bayesian optimization for efficient failure detection of analog and mixed-signal circuits | H Hu, P Li, JZ Huang - … /IEEE Design Automation Conference  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | With increasing design complexity and stringent robustness requirements in application  such as automotive electronics, analog and mixed-signal (AMS) verification becomes a key  bottleneck. Rare failure detection in a high-dimensional parameter space using minimal …
DroNet: Efficient convolutional neural network detector for real-time UAV applications | C Kyrkou, G Plastiras, T Theocharides… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (drones) are emerging as a promising technology for both  environmental and infrastructure monitoring, with broad use in a plethora of applications.  Many such applications require the use of computer vision algorithms in order to analyse the …
Hardware Redaction via Designer-Directed Fine-Grained eFPGA Insertion | P Mohan, O Atli, J Sweeney, O Kibar… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In recent years, IC reverse engineering and IC fabrication supply chain security have grown  to become significant economic and security threats for designers, system integrators, and  end customers. Many of the existing logic locking and obfuscation techniques have shown to …
Automation of Anti-Race State Encoding of Asynchronous FSM for Robust Systems | V Bychko, R Yershov, Y Gulyi… - … International Conference …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The paper presents a description and testing of an improved states encoding algorithm for  asynchronous finite state machine (FSM). It is based on the concept of anti-race encoding,  according to which the transition between two adjacent FSM states should be accompanied by …
Analyzing parallel real-time tasks implemented with thread pools | D Casini, A Biondi, G Buttazzo - … Annual Design Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Despite several works in the literature targeted predictable execution models for parallel  tasks, limited attention has been devoted to study how specific implementation techniques  may affect their execution. This paper highlights some issues that can arise when executing …
Efficient test generation for Trojan detection using side channel analysis | Y Lyu, P Mishra - … , Automation & Test in Europe Conference & …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Detection of hardware Trojans is vital to ensure the security and trustworthiness of System-on-Chip  (SoC) designs. Side-channel analysis is effective for Trojan detection by analyzing various  side-channel signatures such as power, current and delay. In this paper, we propose …
ARGA: Approximate reuse for GPGPU acceleration | D Peroni, M Imani, H Nejatollahi… - … Design Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We simulate our design by placing ARGA within each core of an Nvidia Kepler Architecture  Titan and an AMD Southern Island 7970. We show our design improves performance  throughput by up to 2.7× and improves EDP by 5.3× for 6 GPGPU applications while maintaining …
A fast machine learning-based mask printability predictor for OPC acceleration | B Jiang, H Zhang, J Yang, EFY Young - … Design Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Continuous shrinking of VLSI technology nodes brings us powerful chips with lower power  consumption, but it also introduces many issues in manufacturability. Lithography simulation  process for new feature size suffers from large computational overhead. As a result, …
Correlation manipulating circuits for stochastic computing | VT Lee, A Alaghi, L Ceze - 2018 Design, Automation & Test in …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … design without correlation manipulating circuits. In terms of energy, our synchronizerbased  design improves total accelerator energy consumption by 24% over the design … absolute  error difference between the design using regeneration versus our new design is negligible. We …
Template-based PDN synthesis in floorplan and placement using classifier and CNN techniques | VA Chhabria, AB Kahng, M Kim… - … Design Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Designing an optimal power delivery network (PDN) is a time-intensive task that involves  many iterations. This paper proposes a methodology that employs a library of predesigned,  stitchable templates, and uses machine learning (ML) to rapidly build a PDN with region-wise …
Parallelizing SRAM arrays with customized bit-cell for binary neural networks | R Liu, X Peng, X Sun, WS Khwa, X Si… - … Design Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recent advances in deep neural networks (DNNs) have shown Binary Neural Networks (BNNs)  are able to provide a reasonable accuracy on various image datasets with a significant  reduction in computation and memory cost. In this paper, we explore two BNNs: hybrid BNN (…
Q-learning based backup for energy harvesting powered embedded systems | W Fan, Y Zhang, W Song, M Zhao… - … Design, Automation & …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Non-volatile processors (NVPs) are used in energy harvesting powered embedded systems  to preserve data across interruptions. In NVP systems, volatile data are backed up to non-volatile  memory upon power failures and resumed after power comes back. Traditionally, …
DVFS-based scrubbing scheduling for reliability maximization on parallel tasks in SRAM-based FPGAs | R Li, H Yu, W Jiang, Y Ha - … Design Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | To obtain high reliability but avoiding the huge area overhead of traditional triple modular  redundancy (TMR) methods in SRAM-based FPGAs, scrubbing based methods reconfigure  the configuration memory of each task just before its execution. However, due to the limitation …
An ultra-low energy internally analog, externally digital vector-matrix multiplier based on NOR flash memory technology | MR Mahmoodi, D Strukov - … 55th Annual Design Automation Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Here we proposed a circuit design in which Vb variations are bounded with minimum  overhead. Our design is also very efficient for controlling PVT variations. … The performance  metrics of our design compares very favorably with the best reported results. For example, Ref. […
Ensemble learning for effective run-time hardware-based malware detection: A comprehensive analysis and classification | H Sayadi, N Patel, SM PD, A Sasan… - … Design Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Malware detection at the hardware level has emerged recently as a promising solution to  improve the security of computing systems. Hardware-based malware detectors take advantage  of Machine Learning (ML) classifiers to detect pattern of malicious applications at run-time. …
System-level hardware failure prediction using deep learning | X Sun, K Chakrabarty, R Huang, Y Chen… - … design automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Finally, we design a loss function to train the model with extremely imbalanced samples  effectively. Experimental results from an open … In The 20th Asia and South Pacific Design  Automation Conference. 737–742. https://doi.org/10.1109/ASPDAC.2015.7059098 [13] Guosai …
TAD: time side-channel attack defense of obfuscated source code | A Fell, HT Pham, SK Lam - … South Pacific Design Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Program obfuscation is widely used to protect commercial software against reverse-engineering.  However, an adversary can still download, disassemble and analyze binaries of the  obfuscated code executed on an embedded System-on-Chip (SoC), and by correlating …
Generalized data placement strategies for racetrack memories | AA Khan, A Goens, F Hameed… - … Design, Automation & …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Ultra-dense non-volatile racetrack memories (RTMs) have been investigated at various levels  in the memory hierarchy for improved performance and reduced energy consumption.  However, the innate shift operations in RTMs hinder their applicability to replace low-latency on-…
Large-scale short-term urban taxi demand forecasting using deep learning | S Liao, L Zhou, X Di, B Yuan… - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The world has seen in recent years great successes in applying deep learning (DL) for many  application domains. Though powerful, DL is not easy to be used well. In this invited paper,  we study an urban taxi demand forecast problem using DL, and we show a number of key …
Universal symmetry constraint extraction for analog and mixed-signal circuits with graph neural networks | H Chen, K Zhu, M Liu, X Tang, N Sun… - … Automation Conference …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recent research trends in analog layout synthesis aim for a fully automated netlist-to-GDSII  design flow with minimum human efforts. Due to the sensitiveness of analog circuit layouts,  symmetry matching between critical building blocks and devices can significantly impact the …
AERIS: Area/Energy-efficient 1T2R ReRAM based processing-in-memory neural network system-on-a-chip | J Yue, Y Liu, F Su, S Li, Z Yuan, Z Wang… - … Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | ReRAM-based processing-in-memory (PIM) architecture is a promising solution for deep  neural networks (NN), due to its high energy efficiency and small footprint. However, traditional  PIM architecture has to use a separate crossbar array to store either positive or negative (P/N…
Impact of Self-Heating on Performance, Power and Reliability in FinFET Technology | VM van Santen, PR Genssler, O Prakash… - … Design Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We discussed how self-heating got worse in each new transistor technology and presented  multiple techniques on how to design for self-heating based on the activities within the circuit.  Our results illustrate that during the design process self-heating-induced temperatures must …
CORN: In-buffer computing for binary neural network | L Chang, X Ma, Z Wang, Y Zhang… - … Design, Automation & …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We compare the performance of CORN to the state-of-the-art FPGA design for the CAFIR-10  BNN moel [12]. Besides, a DPU based IMC design is developed as the comparison following  the method demonstrated in [7] (We add the mapping latency and energy between different …
Chip placement with deep reinforcement learning | A Mirhoseini, A Goldie, M Yazgan, J Jiang… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … 2019)) method and manual expert placements using an industry standard electronic design  automation (EDA) tool. For all metrics in this table, lower is better. For placements which violate  constraints on timing (WNS significantly greater than 100 ps) or congestion (horizontal or …
A wear leveling aware memory allocator for both stack and heap management in pcm-based main memory systems | W Li, Z Shuai, CJ Xue, M Yuan… - 2019 Design, Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Phase change memory (PCM) has been considered as a replacement of DRAM, due to its  potentials in high storage density and low leakage power. However, the limited write endurance  presents critical challenges. Various wear leveling techniques have been proposed to …
Fpga/dnn co-design: An efficient design methodology for 1ot intelligence on the edge | C Hao, X Zhang, Y Li, S Huang, J Xiong… - … Design Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | While embedded FPGAs are attractive platforms for DNN acceleration on edge-devices due  to their low latency and high energy efficiency, the scarcity of resources of edge-scale FPGA  devices also makes it challenging for DNN deployment. In this paper, we propose a …
CAPTOR: A class adaptive filter pruning framework for convolutional neural networks in mobile applications | Z Qin, F Yu, C Liu, X Chen - … Pacific Design Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Nowadays, the evolution of deep learning and cloud service significantly promotes neural  network based mobile applications. Although intelligent and prolific, those applications still  lack certain flexibility: For classification tasks, neural networks are generally trained online with …
Deep integration of circuit simulator and SAT solver | HT Zhang, JHR Jiang, L Amarú… - … Design Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The paper addresses a key aspect of efficient computation in logic synthesis and formal  verification, namely, the integration of a circuit simulator and a Boolean satisfiability solver. A  novel way of interfacing these is proposed along with a fast preprocessing step to detect easy …
A circuit-design-driven tool with a hybrid automation approach for SAR ADCs in IoT | M Ding, G Chen, P Harpe, B Busze… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , increasing the design cost and time. To overcome this issue, circuit design automation is  desired for ADCs to minimize design cost while … However, the design automation for ADCs  is cumbersome due to its more complicated architecture, larger scale circuitry as well as more …
Compiler-assisted and profiling-based analysis for fast and efficient STT-MRAM on-chip cache design | N Sayed, L Mao, R Bishnoi, MB Tahoori - … on Design Automation of …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In this article, we propose a hybrid STT-MRAM design for caches with different retention  capabilities. Then, based on the application requirements (ie, execution time and memory access  rate), program data layout is re-arranged at compilation time for achieving fast and energy-…
Sensitivity based error resilient techniques for energy efficient deep neural network accelerators | W Choi, D Shin, J Park, S Ghosh - … Design Automation Conference 2019, 2019 - dl.acm.org | With inherent algorithmic error resilience of deep neural networks (DNNs), supply voltage  scaling could be a promising technique for energy efficient DNN accelerator design. In this  paper, we propose novel error resilient techniques to enable aggressive voltage scaling by …
Hardware-assisted intellectual property protection of deep learning models | A Chakraborty, A Mondai… - … Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The protection of intellectual property (IP) rights of well-trained deep learning (DL) models  has become a matter of major concern, especially with the growing trend of deployment of  Machine Learning as a Service (MLaaS). In this work, we demonstrate the utilization of a …
Model-based design automation of hardware/software co-designs for Xilinx Zynq PSoCs | FJ Streit, M Letras, S Wildermann… - … conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—Shorter design cycles in FPGA-based Programmable System-on-Chips (PSoCs)  development require a higher level of design automation, which has led to a wide acceptance  of model driven engineering. However, design and implementation of applications on such …
EDA aided Virtual Simulation Electronic Experiment Design and Implementation | C Tang, C Wang, L Zhang, B Tao… - … Conference on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This article uses Electronic Design Automation (EDA) technology, combined with the  existing software system, to establish a virtual simulation experiment platform, the platform  includes user management module, data transmission module and simulation …
Recent advances in efficient computation of deep convolutional neural networks | J Cheng, P Wang, G Li, Q Hu, H Lu - arXiv preprint arXiv:1802.00939, 2018 - arxiv.org | … Design Automation Recently, design automation frameworks that automatically map deep  neural networks onto hardware are receiving wider attention. [83], [69], [78] and [84] proposed  frameworks that automatically generate synthesizable accelerator for a given network. [55] …
Characterizing display QoS based on frame dropping for power management of interactive applications on smartphones | KT Ho, CT King, B Das… - 2018 Design, Automation & …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | User-centric power management in smartphones aims to conserve power without affecting  user's perceived quality of experience. Most existing works focus on periodically updated  applications such as games and video players and use a fixed frame rate, measured in frame …
Selecting the optimal energy point in near-threshold computing | S Salamin, H Amrouch, J Henkel - 2019 Design, Automation & …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Near-Threshold Computing (NTC) has recently emerged as an attractive paradigm as it  allows devices to operate close to their optimal energy point (OEP). This work demonstrates,  for the first time, that determining where the OEP of a processor exists is challenging because …
ParaPIM: a parallel processing-in-memory accelerator for binary-weight deep neural networks | S Angizi, Z He, D Fan - … and South Pacific Design Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Recent algorithmic progression has brought competitive classification accuracy despite  constraining neural networks to binary weights (+ 1/-1). These findings show remarkable  optimization opportunities to eliminate the need for computationally-intensive multiplications, …
StatSAT: a boolean satisfiability based attack on logic-locked probabilistic circuits | A Mondal, M Zuzak, A Srivastava - … Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The outsourcing of chip designs for fabrication has raised concerns regarding the protection  of Intellectual Property (IP) from an untrustworthy foundry. Logic locking is a design-for-security  technique that has the potential to thwart attacks from such an adversary. On the other …
Virtual prototyping of heterogeneous automotive applications: matlab, SystemC, or both? | X Pan, C Zivkovic, C Grimm - … Pacific Design Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | We present a case study on virtual prototyping of automotive applications. We address the  co-simulation of HW/SW systems involving firmware, communication protocols, and physical/mechanical  systems in the context of model-based and agile development processes. The …
Improving scan chain diagnostic accuracy using multi-stage artificial neural networks | M Chern, SW Lee, SY Huang, Y Huang… - … Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Diagnosis of intermittent scan chain failures remains a hard problem. We demonstrate that  Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) can be used to achieve significantly higher accuracy. The  key is to take on domain knowledge and use a multi-stage process incorporating ANNs with …
SAID: A supergate-aided logic synthesis flow for memristive crossbars | V Tenace, RG Rizzo, D Bhattacharjee… - … Design, Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Efficient design automation for LiM imposes a dedicated technology-aware synthesis and  optimization design flow, plus a fine-tuned mapping scheme that is able to exploit the expressive  power of crossbar architectures. The proposed SAID flow encompasses three stages, as …
Wellgan: Generative-adversarial-network-guided well generation for analog/mixed-signal circuit layout | B Xu, Y Lin, X Tang, S Li, L Shen… - … Design Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In back-end analog/mixed-signal (AMS) design flow, well generation persists as a fundamental  challenge for layout compactness, routing complexity, circuit performance and robustness.  The immaturity of AMS layout automation tools comes to a large extent from the difficulty in …
ImGA: an improved genetic algorithm for partitioned scheduling on heterogeneous multi-core systems | R Ayari, I Hafnaoui, G Beltrame, G Nicolescu - Design Automation for …, 2018 - Springer | … In: The 49th annual design automation conference, pp 664–671 … In: Proceedings of the  conference on design, automation and test in Europe 2010 Mar 8 … In: Proceedings of the  conference on design, automation and test in Europe. European …
Memristive crossbar mapping for neuromorphic computing systems on 3D IC | Q Xu, H Geng, S Chen, B Yu, F Wu - … Transactions on Design Automation …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Third, we compare E3D-FNC with 3D-FNC framework presented in the conference  version [29]. The differences between E3D-FNC and 3D-FNC are illustrated in Section 3.5.  The results are, respectively, shown in the columns “E3D-FNC” and “3D-FNC [29]” in Table 3. …
Architecture decomposition in system synthesis of heterogeneous many-core systems | V Richthammer, T Schwarzer, S Wildermann… - … Automation Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the 55th Annual Design Automation Conference: Architecture decomposition in  system synthesis of heterogeneous man … This work proposes to enhance existing design-time  and run-time system-synthesis approaches for many-cores by employing SSS by means …
Lacc: Exploiting lookup table-based fast and accurate vector multiplication in dram-based cnn accelerator | Q Deng, Y Zhang, M Zhang, J Yang - … Design Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | PIM (Processing-in-memory)-based CNN (Convolutional neural network) accelerators leverage  the characteristics of basic memory cells to enable simple logic and arithmetic operations  so that the bandwidth constraint can be effectively alleviated. However, it remains a major …
Efficient FPGA implementation of local binary convolutional neural network | A Zhakatayev, J Lee - … and South Pacific Design Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … For the first time we propose FPGA hardware design architecture of LBCNN and address its  unique challenges. We present performance and resource usage predictor along with design  space exploration framework. Our architecture on LBCNN AlexNet shows 76.6% higher …
Cloud Columba: Accessible Design Automation Platform for Production and Inspiration | TM Tseng, M Li, Y Zhang, TY Ho… - … Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Design automation for mLSI thus arose to alleviate design difficulty and to enhance design  quality. With a decade of effort, current design automation approaches have addressed a wide  scope of design problems including resource prediction and utilization [8], [9], scheduling …
An efficient Bayesian yield estimation method for high dimensional and high sigma SRAM circuits | J Zhai, C Yan, SG Wang, D Zhou - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | With increasing dimension of variation space and computational intensive circuit simulation,  accurate and fast yield estimation of realistic SRAM chip remains a significant and complicated  challenge. In this paper, du Experiment results show that the proposed method has an …
Incomplete tests for undetectable faults to improve test set quality | I Pomeranz - ACM Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The presence of undetectable faults in a set of target faults implies that tests, which may be  important for detecting defects, are missing from the test set. This article suggests an approach  for addressing missing tests that fits with the rationale for computing an n-detection test set. …
A survey of accelerator architectures for deep neural networks | Y Chen, Y Xie, L Song, F Chen, T Tang - Engineering, 2020 - Elsevier | … In: Proceedings of the 2018 23rd Asia and South Pacific Design Automation Conference;  2018 Jan 22–25; Jeju, Republic of Korea; 2018. … Proceedings of the 49th Annual Design  Automation Conference; 2012 Jun 3–7; San Francisco, CA, USA; 2012. p. 498–503. …
Approximate learning and fault-tolerant mapping for energy-efficient neuromorphic systems | A Gebregirogis, M Tahoori - ACM Transactions on Design Automation of …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … The voltage scalable cache architecture proposed in this section uses the conventional 6T  SRAM cell design without adding any design or error correction overheads. Thus, the supply  voltage downscaling induced errors of the SRAM cells (memory array) is traded off for further …
Security analysis and enhancement of model compressed deep learning systems under adversarial attacks | Q Liu, T Liu, Z Liu, Y Wang, Y Jin… - … Automation Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Thanks to recent machine learning model innovation and computing hardware advancement,  the state-of-the-art of Deep Neural Network (DNN) is presenting human-level performance  for many complex intelligent tasks in real-world applications. However, it also introduces ever…
Compensated-DNN: Energy efficient low-precision deep neural networks by compensating quantization errors | S Jain, S Venkataramani, V Srinivasan… - … Design Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) represent the state-of-the-art in many Artificial Intelligence (AI)  tasks involving images, videos, text, and natural language. Their ubiquitous adoption is  limited by the high computation and storage requirements of DNNs, especially for energy-…
MEMCOP: memory-aware co-operative power management governor for mobile games | CY Hsieh, JG Park, N Dutt, SS Lim - Design Automation for Embedded …, 2018 - Springer | … In: 2009 IEEE international conference on acoustics, speech and signal processing, Taipei,  pp … In: DAC ’06 proceedings of the 43rd annual design automation conference, pp 598–603  … of the 51st annual design automation conference on design automation conference, pp 1–6 …
Optimal Allocation of LDOs and Decoupling Capacitors within a Distributed On-Chip Power Grid | SA Sadat, M Canbolat, S Köse - … Transactions on Design Automation of …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Parallel on-chip voltage regulation, where multiple regulators are connected to the same  power grid, has recently attracted significant attention with the proliferation of small on-chip  voltage regulators. In this article, the number, size, and location of parallel low-dropout (LDO) …
Walking through the energy-error Pareto frontier of approximate multipliers | V Leon, G Zervakis, S Xydis, D Soudris… - IEEE Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … His research interests are in the areas of design space exploration, optimization of arithmetic  VLSI circuits, and power … design, reconfigurable architectures, reliability, and low-power VLSI  design. He has published more than 340 articles in international journals and conferences. …
IMCE: Energy-efficient bit-wise in-memory convolution engine for deep neural network | S Angizi, Z He, F Parveen, D Fan - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper, we pave a novel way towards the concept of bit-wise In-Memory Convolution Engine  (IMCE) that could implement the dominant convolution computation of Deep Convolutional  Neural Networks (CNN) within memory. IMCE employs parallel computational memory …
Artificial intelligence and machine learning in dynamic cyber risk analytics at the edge | P Radanliev, D De Roure, R Walton, M Van Kleek… - SN Applied …, 2020 - Springer | … confirms that CPS design requires multi-discipline testing and verification, including  system design and system … In: Proceedings of the 47th design automation conference on—DAC  ’10, p 731 … In: Design, automation & test in Europe conference & exhibition, Dresden, pp 3–8 …
Precision Medium-Power Laser Diode Drivers: Design Principles and Functional Features | R Chkalov, D Kochuev… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Laser diodes are semiconductor emitting crystal enclosed in a single package, as well as a  number of additional optical and electronic components. Such diodes are widely used in  high-tech systems and equipment and are among the most important elements of the entire class …
On Fundamental Principles for Thermal-Aware Design on Periodic Real-Time Multi-Core Systems | S Sha, AS Bankar, X Yang, W Wen… - … on Design Automation of …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … With the exponential rise of the transistor count in one chip, the thermal problem has become  a pressing issue in computing system design. While there have been extensive methods and  techniques published for design optimization with thermal awareness, there is a need for …
STAFF: online learning with stabilized adaptive forgetting factor and feature selection algorithm | U Gupta, M Babu, R Ayoub… - … Design Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Dynamic resource management techniques rely on power consumption and performance  models to optimize the operating frequency and utilization of processing elements, such as  CPU and GPU. Despite the importance of these decisions, many existing approaches rely on …
Energy and power efficient system on chip with nanosheet FET | NM Kumar - Journal of Electronics, 2019 - scholar.archive.org | Abstract: As the level of integration of IC increases, System on Chip (SoC) design has evolved.  This technology comprises of several intellectual property … We design an energy and power  efficient SoC with nanosheet FET that provides noise tolerance and memory optimization. …
Analyzing the security of the cache side channel defences with attack graphs | L Wang, Z Zhu, Z Wang, D Meng - … Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Note that very limited work is proposed to analyze the security of defenses against the cache  side channel attacks on micro-architecture. In this paper, we propose a model based method  to generate a visual attack graph and analyze the security of micro-architecture security …
WAVES: Wavelength selection for power-efficient 2.5 D-integrated photonic NoCs | A Narayan, Y Thonnart, P Vivet… - … Design, Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Photonic Network-on-Chips (PNoCs) offer promising benefits over Electrical Network-on-Chips  (ENoCs) in many-core systems owing to their lower latencies, higher bandwidth, and lower  energy-per-bit communication with negligible data-dependent power. These benefits, …
Is register transfer level locking secure? | C Karfa, R Chouksey, C Pilato, S Garg… - … Design, Automation & …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Register Transfer Level (RTL) locking seeks to prevent intellectual property (IP) theft of a  design by locking the RTL description that functions correctly on the application of a key. This  paper evaluates the security of a state-of-the-art RTL locking scheme using a satisfiability …
Large-signal modeling and experimental design automation of self-isolated harmonic oscillator for pulling effect reduction | K Wang, A Ghiotto, F Zhu, K Wu - IEEE Transactions on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … process does not rely on circuit simulation software packages or a prior knowledge of the  large-signal model of transistors, thus demonstrating the concept of a model-free nonlinear  circuit design automation based on the experimental optimization. The SIHO circuit model is …
Gemmini: Enabling systematic deep-learning architecture evaluation via full-stack integration | H Genc, S Kim, A Amid, A Haj-Ali… - … Conference (DAC …, 2021 - people.eecs.berkeley.edu | … In summary, this work makes the following contributions: 1) We build Gemmini, an open-source,  full-stack DNN accelerator design infrastructure to … enables system-accelerator co-design  of SoCs running DNN workloads, including the design of efficient virtual-address translation …
Mixed precision quantization for ReRAM-based DNN inference accelerators | S Huang, A Ankit, P Silveira, R Antunes… - … Design Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | ReRAM-based accelerators have shown great potential for accelerating DNN inference  because ReRAM crossbars can perform analog matrix-vector multiplication operations with low  latency and energy consumption. However, these crossbars require the use of ADCs which …
Multi-level timing simulation on GPUs | E Schneider, MA Kochte… - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Timing-accurate simulation of circuits is an important task in design validation of modern  nano-scale CMOS circuits. With shrinking technology nodes, detailed simulation models down  to transistor level have to be considered. While conventional simulation at logic level lacks …
CAD in Electrical Engineering: New Approaches to an Outdoor Switchyard Design | EA Panova, AV Varganova, NT Patshin - … Russian Automation Conference, 2019 - Springer | The outdoor switchyard design is one of the most time-consuming stage of electric substation  engineering. It requires the designer to know a large number of design standards, safety  requirements for the switchgear and standard design decisions. To date, there is no CAD …
Workload-and User-aware Battery Lifetime Management for Mobile SoCs | S Chetoui, S Reda - … , Automation & Test in Europe Conference …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Firstly, we design a workload-aware governor through an offline and an online analysis. A  set of CPU and GPU … we design a model that predicts energy consumption based on the user  usage history. To summarize, the contributions of this paper are as follows: • We design the …
Maxelerator: Fpga accelerator for privacy preserving multiply-accumulate (mac) on cloud servers | SU Hussain, BD Rouhani, M Ghasemzadeh… - … Automation Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | This paper presents MAXelerator, the first hardware accelerator for privacy-preserving  machine learning (ML) on cloud servers. Cloud-based ML is being increasingly employed in  various data sensitive scenarios. While it enhances both efficiency and quality of the service, it …
Smart manufacturing process and system automation–a critical review of the standards and envisioned scenarios | Y Lu, X Xu, L Wang - Journal of Manufacturing Systems, 2020 - Elsevier | … In this paper, we present a comprehensive review of the current landscape of manufacturing  automation standards, with a focus on end-… automation. First, we present an authentic vision  of smart manufacturing and the unique needs for next-generation manufacturing automation. …
Machine learning approach for fast electromigration aware aging prediction in incremental design of large scale on-chip power grid network | S Dey, S Nandi, G Trivedi - ACM Transactions on Design Automation of …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … PG design to speed up the process as mentioned in Section 3.4 and to show that we have  done the perturbations in the PG network design and … This section demonstrates the test  accuracy of the EM-prediction model in the incremental design of the PG network by varying the …
Deep neural network hardware deployment optimization via advanced active learning | Q Sun, C Bai, H Geng, B Yu - … Design, Automation & Test in …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recent years have witnessed the great successes of deep neural network (DNN) models  while deploying DNN models on hardware platforms is still challenging and widely discussed.  Some works proposed dedicatedly designed accelerators for some specific DNN models, …
Neural Pruning Search for Real-Time Object Detection of Autonomous Vehicles | P Zhao, G Yuan, Y Cai, W Niu, Q Liu… - … Design Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Object detection plays an important role in self-driving cars for security development. However,  mobile systems on self-driving cars with limited computation resources lead to difficulties  for object detection. To facilitate this, we propose a compiler-aware neural pruning search …
Enhancing generalization of wafer defect detection by data discrepancy-aware preprocessing and contrast-varied augmentation | C Yang, H Li, Y Chen, J Hu - … Design Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Wafer inspection locates defects at early fabrication stages and traditionally focuses on pixel-level  defects. However, there are very few solutions that can effectively detect largescale defects.  In this work, we leverage Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to automate the …
2smart: A two-stage machine learning-based approach for run-time specialized hardware-assisted malware detection | H Sayadi, HM Makrani, SMP Dinakarrao… - … Design, Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Hardware-assisted Malware Detection (HMD) has emerged as a promising solution to  improve the security of computer systems using Hardware Performance Counters (HPCs)  information collected at run-time. While several recent studies proposed machine learning-based …
Towards provably-secure performance locking | M Zaman, A Sengupta, D Liu… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The contributions of this paper are: 1) Design a performance locking module that is agnostic  to the (processor) design; … In the second step, we design an architecture to securely integrate  the FSM with a target design, ensuring performance degradation. Step 1: FSM locking. …
Risk-aware cost-effective design methodology for integrated circuit locking | Y Hu, K Yang, SD Chowdhury… - 2021 Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We introduce a systematic framework for logic locking of integrated circuits based on the  analysis of the sources of information leakage from both the circuit and the locking scheme  and their formalization into a notion of risk that can guide the design against existing and …
Impact of electrostatic coupling on monolithic 3D-enabled network on chip | D Lee, S Das, JR Doppa, PP Pande… - … on Design Automation …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We focus on the system-level design optimization to circumvent the impact of electrostatic  coupling. Alternatively, we consider two opposing effects during the design and optimization  of M3D-enabled system, eg, the benefit of lower energy consumption of vertical interconnects …
MNFTL: An Efficient Flash Translation Layer for MLC NAND Flash Memory | C Ma, Y Wang, Z Shen, R Chen, Z Wang… - … on Design Automation of …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In this article, we solve several fundamental problems in the design of MLC flash translation  layer. The objective is to reduce the garbage … A preliminary version of this article appears in  the Proceedings of the 48th Design Automation Conference [36]. The work described in this …
An energy-efficient quantized and regularized training framework for processing-in-memory accelerators | H Sun, Z Zhu, Y Cai, X Chen, Y Wang… - … Design Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … : i) We design a PIM-based non-uniform activation quantization scheme, including quantization  range optimization, high-precision scale design, … In our design, we realize the nonuniform  quantization and uniform mapping by non-uniform ADCs and multiplexers (MUXes) in PIM …
Mobieye: An efficient cloud-based video detection system for real-time mobile applications | J Mao, Q Yang, A Li, H Li, Y Chen - … Design Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In this work, we design MobiEye, a cloud-based video detection system optimized for  deployment in real-time mobile applications. MobiEye … To deal with such a case, we design a  computation mask based on brightness error calculated by subtracting inter frame from key frame, …
Model design of quantum logic circuits based on Reed-Muller expressions | I Matveeva, V Kalmychkov… - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The article considers the design flow for automatic generation of the quantum circuit model  specifications as a fragment of the logical unit of a quantum computer. Reed-Muller expressions  is base for this generation. The model representation takes into account the features of …
AutoCkt: deep reinforcement learning of analog circuit designs | K Settaluri, A Haj-Ali, Q Huang… - … Design, Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Domain specialization under energy constraints in deeply-scaled CMOS has been driving  the need for agile development of Systems on a Chip (SoCs). While digital subsystems have  design flows that are conducive to rapid iterations from specification to layout, analog and …
Running sparse and low-precision neural network: When algorithm meets hardware | B Li, W Wen, J Mao, S Li, Y Chen… - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We design a structured sparsity learning on the convolutional layers to generate a  structured DNN model [11]. When deployed with the proposed model, the … Therefore, we  design a new LRA to train a DNN model with lower ranks and higher computation efficiency [17]. …
Application level hardware tracing for scaling post-silicon debug | D Pal, A Sharma, S Ray, FM De Paula… - … Automation Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | We present a method for selecting trace messages for post-silicon validation of Systems-on-a-Chips  (SoCs) with diverse usage scenarios. We model specifications of interacting flows in typical  applications. Our method optimizes trace buffer utilization and flow specification …
Safespec: Banishing the spectre of a meltdown with leakage-free speculation | KN Khasawneh, EM Koruyeh, C Song… - … Design Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Speculative attacks, such as Spectre and Meltdown, target speculative execution to access  privileged data and leak it through a side-channel. In this paper, we introduce (SafeSpec), a  new model for supporting speculation in a way that is immune to the side-channel leakage by …
Common-Mode Failure Mitigation: Increasing Diversity through High-Level Synthesis | FN Taher, M Joslin, A Balachandran… - … Design, Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … the unique ability of behavioral VLSI design of diverse synthesis can be … design space  exploration in High level synthesis creates a larger design pool compared to the exploration result  at the RT-level. In summary, the main contribution of this paper are: • Present an HLS design …
Efficient computation of deadline-miss probability and potential pitfalls | KH Chen, N Ueter, G von der Brüggen… - … Design, Automation & …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In soft real-time systems, applications can tolerate rare deadline misses. Therefore, probabilistic  arguments and analyses are applicable in the timing analyses for this class of systems, as  demonstrated in many existing researches. Convolution-based analyses allow to derive …
Architecture-aware Precision Tuning with Multiple Number Representation Systems | D Cattaneo, M Chiari, N Fossati… - … Design Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Precision tuning trades accuracy for speed and energy savings, usually by reducing the data  width, or by switching from floating point to fixed point representations. However, comparing  the precision across different representations is a difficult task. We present a metric that …
A deep reinforcement learning framework for optimizing fuel economy of hybrid electric vehicles | P Zhao, Y Wang, N Chang, Q Zhu… - … automation conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Hybrid electric vehicles employ a hybrid propulsion system to combine the energy efficiency  of electric motor and a long driving range of internal combustion engine, thereby achieving  a higher fuel economy as well as convenience compared with conventional ICE vehicles. …
Regan: A pipelined reram-based accelerator for generative adversarial networks | F Chen, L Song, Y Chen - … Design Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have recently drawn tremendous attention in many  artificial intelligence (AI) applications including computer vision, speech recognition, and  natural language processing. While GANs deliver state-of-the-art performance on these AI tasks…
Building automation system-BIM integration using a linked data structure | C Quinn, AZ Shabestari, T Misic, S Gilani… - Automation in …, 2020 - Elsevier | Buildings Automation Systems (BAS) are ubiquitous in contemporary buildings, both monitoring  building conditions and managing the building system control points. At present, these  controls are prescriptive and pre-determined by the design team, rather than responsive to …
[DL] A survey of FPGA-based neural network inference accelerators | K Guo, S Zeng, J Yu, Y Wang, H Yang - ACM Transactions on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … hardware design, we only classify the toolflows into two categories: hardware design  automation and software design automation. Hardware … We also review the methods used for  accelerator design automation, which shows that current development flow can achieve both high …
Diffusion break-aware leakage power optimization and detailed placement in sub-10nm VLSI | S Heo, AB Kahng, M Kim, L Wang - … Design Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | A diffusion break (DB) isolates two neighboring devices in a standard cell-based design and  has a stress effect on delay and leakage power. In foundry sub-10nm design enablements,  device performance is changed according to the type of DB-single diffusion break (SDB) or …
Reliability-Oriented IEEE Std. 1687 Network Design and Block-Aware High-Level Synthesis for MEDA Biochips* | Z Zhong, TC Liang… - … Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | A digital microfluidic biochip (DMFB) enables miniaturization of immunoassays, point-of-care  clinical diagnostics, DNA sequencing, and other laboratory procedures in biochemistry. A  recent generation of biochips uses a microelectrode-dot-array (MEDA) architecture, which …
X-DeepSCA: Cross-device deep learning side channel attack | D Das, A Golder, J Danial, S Ghosh… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | This article, for the first time, demonstrates Cross-device Deep Learning Side-Channel Attack  (X-DeepSCA), achieving an accuracy of> 99.9%, even in presence of significantly higher  inter-device variations compared to the inter-key variations. Augmenting traces captured from …
Optimizing power-accuracy trade-off in approximate adders | D Celia, V Vasudevan… - … Design, Automation & …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Approximate circuit design has gained significance in recent years targeting applications like  media processing where full accuracy is not required. In this paper, we propose an approximate  adder in which the approximate part of the sum is obtained by finding a single optimal …
SmartDR: algorithms and techniques for fast detailed routing with good design rule handling | SMM Gonçalves, LS Rosa Jr, FS Marques - … on Design Automation of …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … on good design rule handling and fast runtime. To attend these objectives, we propose a novel  pin access approach and a fast design rule … We also propose a design rule check algorithm  to detect thick metal shapes that are widely created using the proposed pin access method…
Deepsecure: Scalable provably-secure deep learning | BD Rouhani, MS Riazi, F Koushanfar - … Design Automation Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | This paper presents DeepSecure, the an scalable and provably secure Deep Learning (DL)  framework that is built upon automated design, efficient logic synthesis, and optimization  methodologies. DeepSecure targets scenarios in which neither of the involved parties including …
Reasoning about safety of learning-enabled components in autonomous cyber-physical systems | CE Tuncali, J Kapinski, H Ito… - … Automation Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | We present a simulation-based approach for generating barrier certificate functions for safety  verification of cyber-physical systems (CPS) that contain neural network-based controllers.  A linear programming solver is utilized to find a candidate generator function from a set of …
BAG2: A process-portable framework for generator-based AMS circuit design | E Chang, J Han, W Bae, Z Wang… - … Circuits Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We believe that these results show that a generator-based design methodology is a viable  path to enhance the productivity of AMS circuit design. Moving forward, beyond expanding the  library of available generators, we believe that complete SOC generators will be developed …
Fit: Fill insertion considering timing | B Jiang, X Zhang, R Chen, G Chen, P Tu, W Li… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Dummy fill insertion is a mandatory step in modern semiconductor manufacturing process to  reduce dielectric thickness variation, and provide nearly uniform pattern density for the chemical  mechanical planarization (CMP) process. However, with the continuous shrinking of the …
Deep positron: A deep neural network using the posit number system | Z Carmichael, HF Langroudi… - … Design, Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The recent surge of interest in Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) has led to increasingly complex  networks that tax computational and memory resources. Many DNNs presently use 16-bit or  32-bit floating point operations. Significant performance and power gains can be obtained …
Throughput optimization and resource allocation on gpus under multi-application execution | SR Punyala, T Marinakis, A Komaee… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Platform heterogeneity prevails as a solution to the throughput and computational challenges  imposed by parallel applications and technology scaling. Specifically, Graphics Processing  Units (GPUs) are based on the Single Instruction Multiple Thread (SIMT) paradigm and they …
Probabilistic evaluation of hardware security vulnerabilities | Y Gong, F Qian, L Wang - ACM Transactions on Design Automation of …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Various design techniques can be applied to implement the finite state machine (FSM) functions  in order to optimize timing, performance, … A probabilistic model is developed in this article  to evaluate the potential vulnerabilities of FSM circuits at the design stage. Analysis based …
Automation of Bandgap Voltage Reference Optimization using Vectorized Coarse-Fine Grid Search | KD Khalil, NR Soliman, H Omran - … Japan-Africa Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … automation tools. This is in contrast to the digital part, which can be rapidly synthesized using  robust industry standard design automation … As a result of this disparity, there is a persistent  economic incentive to develop new analog design automation tools and techniques, in an …
Learning the sparsity for ReRAM: Mapping and pruning sparse neural network for ReRAM based accelerator | J Lin, Z Zhu, Y Wang, Y Xie - … Pacific Design Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | With the in-memory processing ability, ReRAM based computing gets more and more attractive  for accelerating neural networks (NNs). However, most ReRAM based accelerators cannot  support efficient mapping for sparse NN, and we need to map the whole dense matrix onto …
An optimum design of square microstrip patch antenna based on fuzzy logic rules | AH Mohammed, MM Hamdi, SA Rashid… - … Congress on Human …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Fluffy Logic empowers creators to control complex frameworks more adequately than customary  methodologies. As it gives a basic method to come to positive end result upon questionable,  uncertain or uproarious data. Right now have proposed the structure of fluffy rationale …
Improving fast charging efficiency of reconfigurable battery packs | A Lamprecht, S Narayanaswamy… - … Design, Automation & …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recently, reconfigurable battery packs that can dynamically modify the electrical connection  topology of their individual cells are gaining importance. While several circuit architectures  and management algorithms are proposed in the literature, the electrical characteristics of the …
STASH: Security architecture for smart hybrid memories | S Swami, J Rakshit, K Mohanram - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Whereas emerging non-volatile memories (NVMs) are low power, dense, scalable alternatives  to DRAM, the high latency and low endurance of these NVMs limit the feasibility of NVM-only  memory systems. Smart hybrid memories (SHMs) that integrate NVM, DRAM, and on-…
Automation of the Opal Colloidal Films Obtaining Processes | EV Panfilova, VA Dyubanov - … Russian Automation Conference, 2019 - Springer | This paper describes an equipment for the automated deposition of photonic crystal opal  colloidal films. Due to its unique properties opal films and opal based structures have  attracted great attention in the wide range of applications such as photonics, electronics and …
An approximation-based fault detection scheme for image processing applications | M Biasielli, L Cassano, A Miele - … Design, Automation & Test in …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Image processing applications expose an intrinsic resilience to faults. In this application  field the classical Duplication with Comparison (DWC) scheme, where output images are  discarded as soon as the two replicas' outputs differ for at least one pixel, may be over-…
Timing violation induced faults in multi-tenant FPGAs | D Mahmoud, M Stojilović - 2019 Design, Automation & Test in …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | FPGAs have made their way into the cloud, allowing users to gain remote access to the state-of-the-art  reconfigurable fabric and implement their custom accelerators. Since FPGAs are large  enough to accommodate multiple independent designs, the multi-tenant user scenario …
Edge-cloud collaborative processing for intelligent internet of things: A case study on smart surveillance | BA Mudassar, JH Ko… - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Limited processing power and memory prevent realization of state of the art algorithms on  the edge level. Offloading computations to the cloud comes with tradeoffs as compression  techniques employed to conserve transmission bandwidth and energy adversely impact …
STFL: Energy-efficient data movement with slow transition fast level signaling | P Behnam, MN Bojnordi - … /IEEE Design Automation Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Data movement in large caches consumes a significant amount of energy in modern computer  systems. Low power interfaces have been proposed to address this problem. Unfortunately,  the energy-efficiency of these techniques is largely limited due to undue latency …
Learning concise models from long execution traces | NY Jeppu, T Melham, D Kroening… - … Automation Conference …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Abstract models of system-level behaviour have applications in design exploration, analysis,  testing and verification. We describe a new algorithm for automatically extracting useful  models, as automata, from execution traces of a HW/SW system driven by software exercising a …
Pt-spike: A precise-time-dependent single spike neuromorphic architecture with efficient supervised learning | T Liu, L Jiang, Y Jin, G Quan… - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The pro posed algorithm significantly improves the learning capability and achieves  comparable accuracy when compared to the ANN and rate-based SNN under the similar  configuration; 3) We design a novel asymmetric decoding to relieve the unique …
Duet: an OLED & GPU co-management scheme for dynamic resolution adaptation | HY Lin, CC Hung, PC Hsiu… - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The increasingly high display resolution of mobile devices imposes a further burden on energy  consumption. Existing schemes manage either OLED or GPU power to save energy. This  paper presents the design, algorithm, and implementation of a co-managing scheme called …
Hardware-software co-design of slimmed optical neural networks | Z Zhao, D Liu, M Li, Z Ying, L Zhang, B Xu… - … Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Optical neural network (ONN) is a neuromorphic computing hardware based on optical  components. Since its first on-chip experimental demonstration, it has attracted more and  more research interests due to the advantages of ultra-high speed inference with low power …
Cognitive Digital Twin for Manufacturing Systems | MA Al Faruque, D Muthirayan, SY Yu… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Due to space constraints and for ensuring a concrete and sharp focus, we will now describe  how the cognitive digital twin concept can impact the product design stage. Specifically, we  discuss three critical operations in the design stage which cognition will enable and enhance: …
Digital work design | A Richter, P Heinrich, A Stocker, G Schwabe - Business & Information …, 2018 - Springer | … While this applies to nearly all areas of workplace design, a recent popular example of  increasing technology centricity is ‘Industry 4.0’, which is often delineated as ‘machines talking  to … In: Proceedings of the 47th design automation conference, ACM, Anaheim, pp 731–736 …
Maximizing power state cross coverage in firmware-based power management | V Herdt, HM Le, D Große, R Drechsler - … Design Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Virtual Prototypes (VPs) are becoming increasingly attractive for the early analysis of SoC  power management, which is nowadays mostly implemented in firmware (FW). Power and  timing constraints can be monitored and validated by executing a set of test-cases in a power-…
Runtime identification of hardware Trojans by feature analysis on gate-level unstructured data and anomaly detection | A Vijayan, MB Tahoori, K Chakrabarty - … on Design Automation of …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | As the globalization of chip design and manufacturing process becomes popular, malicious  hardware inclusions such as hardware Trojans pose a serious threat to the security of digital  systems. Advanced Trojans can mask many architectural-level Trojan signatures and adapt …
VM-aware flush mechanism for mitigating inter-VM I/O interference | T Lee, M Lee, YI Eom - 2019 Design, Automation & Test in …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Consolidating multiple servers into a physical machine is now commonplace in cloud  infrastructures. The virtualized systems often arrange virtual disks of multiple virtual machines  (VMs) on the same underlying storage device while striving to guarantee the performance service …
Approximate logic synthesis by symmetrization | A Bernasconi, V Ciriani, T Villa - … Design, Automation & Test in …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Approximate synthesis is a recent trend in logic synthesis that changes some outputs of a  logic specification to take advantage of error tolerance of some applications and reduce  complexity and consumption of the final implementation. We propose a new approach to …
Wafer map defect patterns classification using deep selective learning | MB Alawieh, D Boning, DZ Pan - … Automation Conference (DAC …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | With the continuous drive toward integrated circuits scaling, efficient yield analysis is becoming  more crucial yet more challenging. In this paper, we propose a novel methodology for wafer  map defect pattern classification using deep selective learning. Our proposed approach …
Design Space Optimization of Shared Memory Architecture in Accelerator-rich Systems | M Sinha, GS Harsha, P Bhattacharyya… - … on Design Automation of …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … We thus introduce Accelerator Shared Memory (ASM) framework to facilitate design exploration  of shared memory multi-accelerator systems. ASM provides a best-effort design optimization  framework in terms of both computational and human-resource efficiency. It addresses …
XBioSiP: A Methodology for Approximate Bio-Signal Processing at the Edge | BS Prabakaran, S Rehman, M Shafique - … Automation Conference 2019, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Bio-signals exhibit high redundancy, and the algorithms for their processing are inherently  error resilient. This property can be leveraged to improve the energy-efficiency of IoT-Edge (wearables)  through the emerging trend of approximate computing. This paper presents …
Fully parallel RRAM synaptic array for implementing binary neural network with (+ 1,− 1) weights and (+ 1, 0) neurons | X Sun, X Peng, PY Chen, R Liu… - … Automation Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … • For practical circuit design, we analyze the CSA offset by Monte Carlo simulations using  TSMC 65 nm PDK, and we find that the impact of … As the CSA used in this work is a common  design, the accuracy loss could be effectively reduced by employing a more advanced CSA …
Runtime adjustment of IoT system-on-chips for minimum energy operation | MS Golanbari, MB Tahoori - … Design Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Energy-constrained Systems-on-Chips (SoC) are becoming major components of many  emerging applications, especially in the Internet of Things (IoT) domain. Although the best  energy efficiency is achieved when the SoC operates in the near-threshold region, the best …
Extracting data parallelism in non-stencil kernel computing by optimally coloring folded memory conflict graph | J Escobedo, M Lin - … of the 55th Annual Design Automation Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Irregular memory access pattern in non-stencil kernel computing renders the well-known  hyperplane-[1], lattice-[2], or tessellation-based [3] HLS techniques ineffective. We develop an  elegant yet effective technique that synthesizes memory-optimal architecture from high level …
Stuck in limbo with magical solutions: The testers' lived experiences of tools and automation | I Evans, C Porter, M Micallef, J Harty - … International Joint Conference …, 2020 - oro.open.ac.uk | … We show reasons why software test automation affects testers. Finally, we set out our position  for our research about the li ved experience … automation, which we are calling TX: The  Testers’ Lived Experiences of Tools and Automation, and argue that the effect of automation and …
Data prediction for response flows in packet processing cache | H Yamaki, H Nishi, S Miwa, H Honda - … Design Automation Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | We propose a technique to reduce compulsory misses of packet processing cache (PPC),  which largely affects both throughput and energy of core routers. Rather than prefetching data,  our technique called response prediction cache (RPC) speculatively stores predicted data …
Standard lattice-based key encapsulation on embedded devices | J Howe, T Oder, M Krausz, T Güneysu - IACR Transactions on …, 2018 - tches.iacr.org | … A massive design challenge was to balance memory utilisation, whilst not deteriorating the  performance too much to not overexert the … Memory optimisations for microcontrollers show  66% savings vs reference design and 40% vs optimised PQM4 design. It would be interesting …
Towards area-efficient optical neural networks: an FFT-based architecture | J Gu, Z Zhao, C Feng, M Liu, RT Chen… - … Design Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | As a promising neuromorphic framework, the optical neural network (ONN) demonstrates  ultra-high inference speed with low energy consumption. However, the previous ONN  architectures have high area overhead which limits their practicality. In this paper, we propose an …
Construction of a specialized CNC system for thread grinding machines | G Martinov, I Kovalev… - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The aim of this research is to construct a specialized system of thread grinding machines  considering the features of thread grinding and the requirements to increase accuracy, the  original structure of the control system for a thread grinder is proposed. This research will present …
Surf-bless: A confined-interference routing for energy-efficient communication in NoCs | P Wang, S Niknam, S Ma, Z Wang… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In this paper, we address the problem of how to achieve energy-efficient confined-interference  communication on a bufferless NoC taking advantage of the low power consumption of  such NoC. We propose a novel routing approach called Surfing on a Bufferless NoC (Surf-…
A hardware-efficient logarithmic multiplier with improved accuracy | MS Ansari, BF Cockburn, J Han - … Design, Automation & Test in …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Logarithmic multipliers take the base-2 logarithm of the operands and perform multiplication by  only using shift and addition operations. Since computing the logarithm is often an approximate  process, some accuracy loss is inevitable in such designs. However, the area, latency…
The ping-pong tunable delay line in a super-resilient delay-locked loop | ZH Zhang, W Chu, SY Huang - … Annual Design Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The Tunable Delay Line (TDL) is the most important building block in a modern cell-based  timing circuit such as Phase-Locked Loop (PLL) or Delay-Locked Loop (DLL). In previously  proposed TDLs, one dilemma exists--they cannot be both power efficient and environmentally …
Modeling and automation of the hydro-transport system of water-coal fuel at negative ambient temperatures | KV Osintsev, OG Brylina, YS Prikhodko - … Russian Automation Conference, 2019 - Springer | The article considers the option of creating an installation for hydrotracking water-coal fuel to  study the effect of thermophysical and rheological properties of the pumped material on heat  and mass transfer processes during cooling and heating. The studied scheme is divided …
On functional test generation for deep neural network ips | B Luo, Y Li, L Wei, Q Xu - 2019 Design, Automation & Test in …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Machine learning systems based on deep neural networks (DNNs) produce state-of-the-art  results in many applications. Considering the large amount of training data and know-how  required to generate the network, it is more practical to use third-party DNN intellectual …
HL-Pow: A learning-based power modeling framework for high-level synthesis | Z Lin, J Zhao, S Sinha, W Zhang - … Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | High-level synthesis (HLS) enables designers to customize hardware designs efficiently.  However, it is still challenging to foresee the correlation between power consumption and  HLS-based applications at an early design stage. To overcome this problem, we introduce HL-…
Strong logic obfuscation with low overhead against IC reverse engineering attacks | Q Alasad, JS Yuan, P Subramanyan - … on Design Automation of …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Our method is based on exchanging some logic gates in the original design with a set of  polymorphic gates (PLGs), designed using SiNW FETs, and augmenting the circuit with a small  block, whose output is untraceable, namely, URSAT. The URSAT may not offer very strong …
Knowledge-and simulation-based synthesis of area-efficient passive loop filter incremental zoom-ADC for built-in self-test applications | OE Erol, S Ozev - ACM Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In this section, we present two different ADCs designed in a 65nm CMOS process using  our design automation system. In the first design, the required SNR is 90dB (15 bits), required  measurement time is 512μs, and the DUT output impedance is set at 100kΩ. In the second …
Recent attacks and defenses on FPGA-based systems | J Zhang, G Qu - ACM Transactions on Reconfigurable Technology and …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … A survey on the architecture and design challenges of modern commercial FPGA is given  in Reference [121]. As the first comprehensive survey on FPGA design automation, Reference  [8] elaborates both the basics and new advances in all major phases in the FPGA design flow…
Accelerating electromigration aging for fast failure detection for nanometer ICs | Z Sun, S Sadiqbatcha, H Zhao… - … Automation Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | For practical testing and detection of electromigration (EM) induced failures in dual damascene  copper interconnects in today's and future sub-10nm ICs, one critical issue is how to create  stressing conditions so that the chip will fail exclusively under EM in a very short period of …
Modeling carrier system dynamics for metal-cutting machines | O Krol, V Sokolov - … Russian Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … CNC metal cutting machines are complex technical systems, the design of which involves  the use of such CAD systems that have advanced 3D functionality, a set of application libraries,  a proprietary geometric core and other means of effective design. For the study of stress-…
Aurora: Automated refinement of coarse-grained reconfigurable accelerators | C Tan, C Xie, A Li, KJ Barker… - 2021 Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … /software co-design framework that automatically explores the CGRA design space and  generates the optimal design based on the user… budget; • We develop an architecture-aware  simulated annealing algorithm that facilitates the exploration of the combined design space. …
GANA: Graph convolutional network based automated netlist annotation for analog circuits | K Kunal, T Dhar, M Madhusudan… - … Design, Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The inability of conventional algorithms to replicate this has limited the industrial application  of analog design automation. We seek to build a foundation for a generalizable analog design  methodology with no human in loop [6]. At the core of such a methodology is the ability to …
Castle: Compression architecture for secure low latency, low energy, high endurance NVMs | PM Palangappa, K Mohanram - … Automation Conference (DAC), 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | CASTLE is a Compression-based main memory Architecture realizing a read-decrypt-free (ie,  write-only) Secure solution for low laTency, Low Energy, high endurance non-volatile  memories (NVMs). CASTLE integrates pattern-based data compression and incomplete data …
Extended range electric vehicle with driving behavior estimation in energy management | K Vatanparvar, S Faezi, I Burago… - IEEE transactions on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Battery as the main energy source in the EVs introduces design challenges especially for  applications with stringent design constraints. For instance, weight, cost, and volume design  constraints restrict the energy stored in the EV limiting the driving range. Moreover, battery …
GPU4S: Major Project Outcomes, Lessons Learnt and Way Forward | L Kosmidis, I Rodriguez, A Jover-Alvarez… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Embedded GPUs have been identified from both private and government space agencies  as promising hardware technologies to satisfy the increased needs of payload processing.  The GPU4S (GPU for Space) project funded from the European Space Agency (ESA) has …
Development of a Water-Submersible Hydrogenerator as a Renewable Source of Electricity for Small Rivers | D Aminov, B Kosimov… - … Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The problem of using hydroelectric power of small rivers is considered. It is shown that it can  be resolved only in the design of electric generators for locations and operating conditions.  The task of developing such a project system is set. The problem of choosing a turbine and …
Leap: leading-one detection-based softcore approximate multipliers with tunable accuracy | Z Ebrahimi, S Ullah, A Kumar - … Design Automation Conference …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Approximate multipliers are ubiquitously used in diverse applications by exploiting circuit  simplification, mainly specialized for Application-Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC) platforms.  However, the intrinsic architectural specifications of Field-Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs) …
Recent advances in convolutional neural network acceleration | Q Zhang, M Zhang, T Chen, Z Sun, Y Ma, B Yu - Neurocomputing, 2019 - Elsevier | … In general, for any CNN hardware implementation, there are a lot of potential solutions to  be explored in design space. It is not trivial to design a general hardware architecture that can  be applied to every CNN, especially when limitations on computation resource and memory …
Density Enhancement of RRAMs using a RESET Write Termination for MLC Operation | H Aziza, S Hamdioui, M Fieback… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Multi-Level Cell (MLC) technology can greatly reduce Resistive RAM (RRAM) die sizes to  achieve a breakthrough in cost structure. In this paper, a novel design scheme is proposed to  realize reliable and uniform MLC RRAM operation without the need of any read verification. …
Fan-out of 2 triangle shape spin wave logic gates | A Mahmoud, C Adelmann… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Having multi-output logic gates saves much energy because the same structure can be used  to feed multiple inputs of next stage gates simultaneously. This paper proposes novel triangle  shape fanout of 2 spin wave Majority and XOR gates; the Majority gate is achieved by …
Automatic control system for electrohydraulic drive of production equipment | V Sokolov, O Krol, O Stepanova - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The purpose of the paper is the synthesis and research of the automatic control system for  rotary motion electrohydraulic drive of technological equipment that considers the observation  noise and stochastic perturbation of the object of control. To achieve this purpose, a …
Addressing the issue of processing element under-utilization in general-purpose systolic deep learning accelerators | B Liu, X Chen, Y Wang, Y Han, J Li, H Xu… - … Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | As an energy-efficient hardware solution for deep neural network (DNN) inference, systolic  accelerators are particularly popular in both embedded and datacenter computing scenarios.  Despite their excellent performance and energy efficiency, however, systolic DNN …
Ship detection based on faster R-CNN network in optical remote sensing images | M Zhai, H Liu, F Sun, Y Zhang - … Intelligent Automation Conference, 2019 - Springer | … Deep convolutional neural network could replace traditional manual design feature to extract  ship features automatically and quickly from makes the detection performance of ship no  longer relying on the design of artificial features. This paper proposes a strategy that combines …
Prediction-based fast thermoelectric generator reconfiguration for energy harvesting from vehicle radiators | H Yang, F Kang, C Ding, J Li, J Kim… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Thermoelectric generation (TEG) has increasingly drawn attention for being environmentally  friendly. A few researches have focused on improving TEG efficiency at system level  on vehicle radiators. The most recent reconfiguration algorithm shows improvement on …
Computing with ferroelectric FETs: Devices, models, systems, and applications | A Aziz, ET Breyer, A Chen, X Chen… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper, we consider devices, circuits, and systems comprised of transistors with integrated  ferroelectrics. Said structures are actively being considered by various semiconductor  manufacturers as they can address a large and unique design space. Transistors with …
Energy-efficient neural networks using approximate computation reuse | X Jiao, V Akhlaghi, Y Jiang… - 2018 Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper proposes a methodology to design an energy-efficient neural network that  effectively exploits computation reuse opportunities. To do so, we use Bloom filters … • We design  a reconfigurable Bloom filter unit that can perform approximate pattern matching, increasing the …
KC2: Key-condition crunching for fast sequential circuit deobfuscation | K Shamsi, M Li, DZ Pan, Y Jin - … Design, Automation & Test in …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Logic locking and IC camouflaging are two promising techniques for thwarting an array of  supply chain threats. Logic locking can hide the design from the foundry as well as end-users  and IC camouflaging can thwart IC reverse engineering by end-users. Oracle-guided SAT-…
PUFs Deep Attacks: Enhanced modeling attacks using deep learning techniques to break the security of double arbiter PUFs | M Khalafalla, C Gebotys - 2019 Design, Automation & Test in …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In the past decade and a half, physical unclonable functions (PUFs) have been introduced as  a promising cryptographic primitive for hardware security applications. Since then, the race  between proposing new complex PUF architectures and new attack schemes to break their …
LSIM: Ultra lightweight similarity measurement for mobile graphics applications | YC Chang, WM Chen, PC Hsiu, YY Lin… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Perceptual similarity measurement allows mobile applications to eliminate unnecessary  computations without compromising visual experience. Existing pixel-wise measures incur  significant overhead with increasing display resolutions and frame rates. This paper presents an …
Trifecta: Security, energy efficiency, and communication capacity comparison for wireless iot devices | S Sen, J Koo, S Bagchi - IEEE Internet Computing, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The widespread proliferation of sensor nodes in the era of the Internet of Things (IoT),  coupled with increasing sensor fidelity and data acquisition modality, is expected to generate  30+ Exabytes of data per month by 2020. Since most of these IoT devices will be wirelessly …
TimingSAT: Timing profile embedded SAT attack | A Chakraborty, Y Liu, A Srivastava - … of the International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … this work, we assume fullscan chain access on all the flip-flops in the design so that the attacker  can read/write values to all flip-flops as considered in … In Proceedings of the conference on  Design, automation and test in Europe, pages 1018–1023. EDA Consortium, 2007. [12] K. …
Utilizing quad-trees for efficient design space exploration with partial assignment evaluation | K Neubauer, C Haubelt, P Wanko… - … Automation Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recently, it has been shown that constraint-based symbolic solving techniques offer an  efficient way for deciding binding and routing options in order to obtain a feasible system level  implementation. In combination with various background theories, a feasibility analysis of the …
A microarchitecture for a superconducting quantum processor | X Fu, MA Rol, CC Bultink, J van Someren… - IEEE Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This article proposes a quantum microarchitecture, QuMA. Flexible programmability of a  quantum processor is achieved by multilevel instructions decoding, abstracting analog control  into digital control, and translating instruction execution with non-deterministic timing into …
Using ANNs to size analog integrated circuits | JPS Rosa, DJD Guerra, NCG Horta… - … Design Automation, 2020 - Springer | … In this case, we want the network to learn design patterns from the studied circuits, using  circuit’s performances (DC gain, current … to learn how to design circuits properly, these  pairs must correspond to useful designs, eg, optimal or quasi-optimal design solutions for a …
Image analytics and machine learning for in-situ defects detection in Additive Manufacturing | D Cannizzaro, AG Varrella, S Paradiso… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In the context of Industry 4.0, metal Additive Manufacturing (AM) is considered a promising  technology for medical, aerospace and automotive fields. However, the lack of assurance of  the quality of the printed parts can be an obstacle for a larger diffusion in industry. To this date, …
CRANIA: Unlocking Data and Value Reuse in Iterative Neural Network Architectures | M Hemmat, T Shah, Y Chen… - … Automation Conference …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | A common inefficiency in traditional Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architectures is that  they do not adapt to variations in inputs. Not all inputs require the same amount of computation  to be correctly classified, and not all of the weights in the network contribute equally to …
Nano security: From nano-electronics to secure systems | I Polian, F Altmann, T Arul, C Boit… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The field of computer hardware stands at the verge of a revolution driven by recent breakthroughs  in emerging nanodevices. “Nano Security” is a new Priority Program recently approved by  DFG, the German Research Council. This initial-stage project initiative at the crossroads …
Hygraph: Accelerating graph processing with hybrid memory-centric computing | M Zhou, M Li, M Imani, T Rosing - … Design, Automation & Test in …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We propose HyGraph, a software-hardware co-design for graph acceleration that exploits  hybrid memory-centric computing technologies, including NDP and PIM. The design of … In  the following sections, we introduce the detailed design for each key component in HyGraph. …
MUQUT: Multi-constraint quantum circuit mapping on NISQ computers | D Bhattacharjee, AA Saki, M Alam… - … Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Therefore, efficient design automation flows for mapping a given algorithm to the Noisy  Intermediate Scale Quantum (NISQ) computer becomes of utmost importance. State-of-the-art  quantum design automation tools are primarily focused on reducing logical depth, gate count …
Graphsar: a sparsity-aware processing-in-memory architecture for large-scale graph processing on rerams | G Dai, T Huang, Y Wang, H Yang… - … Automation Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Large-scale graph processing has drawn great attention in recent years. The emerging  metal-oxide resistive random access memory (ReRAM) and ReRAM crossbars have shown  huge potential in accelerating graph processing. However, the sparse feature of natural graphs …
An overview of next-generation architectures for machine learning: Roadmap, opportunities and challenges in the IoT era | M Shafique, T Theocharides… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The number of connected Internet of Things (IoT) devices are expected to reach over 20  billion by 2020. These range from basic sensor nodes that log and report the data to the ones  that are capable of processing the incoming information and taking an action accordingly. …
There's plenty of room at the Top: What will drive computer performance after Moore's law? | CE Leiserson, NC Thompson, JS Emer… - …, 2020 - science.sciencemag.org | BACKGROUND Improvements in computing power can claim a large share of the credit for  many of the things that we take for granted in our modern lives: cellphones that are more  powerful than room-sized computers from 25 years ago, internet access for nearly half the world, …
An updated survey of efficient hardware architectures for accelerating deep convolutional neural networks | M Capra, B Bussolino, A Marchisio, M Shafique… - Future Internet, 2020 - mdpi.com | … The primary purpose of FPGAs is programmability to implement any possible design. They  are relatively cost-effective with short time-to-market… In Proceedings of the 57th Annual Design  Automation Conference 2020, San Francisco, CA, USA, 19–23 July 2020. [Google Scholar] …
Legato: low-energy, secure, and resilient toolset for heterogeneous computing | B Salami, K Parasyris, A Cristal, O Unsal… - … Design, Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Finally, we will use the properties of the task model to design application-level energy-efficient  checkpointing where only the necessary and sufficient data (declared at the task entry) will  be checkpointed. For security, we will develop energy-efficient security-by-design by …
Making obfuscated PUFs secure against power side-channel based modeling attacks | T Kroeger, W Cheng, S Guilley… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | To enhance the security of digital circuits, there is often a desire to dynamically generate,  rather than statically store, random values used for identification and authentication purposes.  Physically Unclonable Functions (PUFs) provide the means to realize this feature in an …
Efficient hardware-assisted out-place update for persistent memory | Y Deng, J Yue, Z Lu, Y Zhu - 2021 Design, Automation & Test in …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … DESIGN We design a hardware-based algorithm to manage address remapping that  supports crash consistency of persistent memory and also allows out-place-updates for data  blocks with a fine granularity. In the following, we will first introduce a baseline design, and then …
Subsystem for on-line diagnostics of cutting process in flexible manufacturing | EN Desyatirikova, LV Chernenkaya… - … Conference  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Without going into the details of its’ design, we will consider this module as a complex  combination of mechanical, electrical and electronic devices. that are destined to hold and rotate  the part during processing, and moving the cutting tool, which is selected in accordance with …
Exploiting approximate computing for deep learning acceleration | CY Chen, J Choi, K Gopalakrishnan… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have emerged as a powerful and versatile set of techniques  to address challenging artificial intelligence (AI) problems. Applications in domains such as  image/video processing, natural language processing, speech synthesis and recognition, …
3D++: Unlocking the next generation of high-performance and energy-efficient architectures using M3D integration | BK Joardar, AI Arka, JR Doppa… - … Design, Automation & …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we present both the advantages and the various design challenges in M3D-enabled  system design considering … to design the next generation of high-performance and energy-efficient  architectures. As an example, we first examine how M3D can be used to design …
Cmp-pim: an energy-efficient comparator-based processing-in-memory neural network accelerator | S Angizi, Z He, AS Rakin, D Fan - … Design Automation Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | In this paper, an energy-efficient and high-speed comparator-based processing-in-memory  accelerator (CMP-PIM) is proposed to efficiently execute a novel hardware-oriented  comparator-based deep neural network called CMPNET. Inspired by local binary pattern feature …
Batch bayesian optimization via multi-objective acquisition ensemble for automated analog circuit design | W Lyu, F Yang, C Yan, D Zhou… - International conference …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … The analog circuit design automation problems can be formulated as optimization  problems. The aim is to find the optimal design parameters that provide the best circuit performance,  which can be represented by a figure of merit (FOM) real-valued function. Prior works about …
Towards accurate and high-speed spiking neuromorphic systems with data quantization-aware deep networks | F Liu, C Liu - … ACM/ESDA/IEEE Design Automation Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have gained immense success in cognitive applications and  greatly pushed today's artificial intelligence forward. The biggest challenge in executing  DNNs is their extremely data-extensive computations. The computing efficiency in speed and …
Research of Noise Immunity of Computing Equipment under Exposure of Electrostatic Discharge | Z Gizatullin, M Shkinderov - … Russian Automation Conference  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … main factor against them is the inability to predict the effects of electrostatic discharge even  at the stage of design computing equipment. … , safely discharging or neutralizing inevitably  occurring charges, applying design solutions to preserve the quality of operation at possible …
Coherence criterion for security architecture of digital control system | V Promyslov, E Sakrutina… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The security of the digital Instrumentation and Control (I&C) system of the Nuclear Power Plant  depends as on external security as on internal security. The security of the operational  environment on any life cycle stage forms the external security. The external security includes a …
Energy-efficient two-level instruction cache design for an Ultra-Low-Power multi-core cluster | C Jie, I Loi, L Benini, D Rossi - … Design, Automation & Test in …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Besides, to evaluate the timing pressure of design, we use the table II which lists the  percentage of different standard library cells of GF 22nm used in the design. The tool adds  more leaky cells (CSC28SL GF standard supper low Vt cells, see Fig. 3 right) if the …
Enhanced detection range for EM side-channel attack probes utilizing co-planar capacitive asymmetry sensing | DH Seo, M Nath, D Das, S Ghosh… - … Design, Automation & …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Electromagnetic (EM) side-channel analysis (SCA) attack, which breaks cryptographic  implementations, has become a major concern in the design of circuits and systems. This paper  focuses on EM SCA and proposes the detection of an approaching EM probe even before an …
A module-linking graph assisted hybrid optimization framework for custom analog and mixed-signal circuit parameter synthesis | M Hassanpourghadi, RA Rasul… - … on Design Automation of …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … To accelerate the design process and cover a wide design parameter range, we propose  the hybrid search. In the first phase, the hybrid search exploits the adoption of NN regression  models on the MLG in the global search, where it performs a fast and parallel gradient-based …
An analysis on retention error behavior and power consumption of recent DDR4 DRAMs | DM Mathew, M Schultheis… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | DRAM technology is scaling aggressively that results in high leakage power, worse data  retention time behavior, and large process variations. Due to these process variations, vendors  provide large guard bands on various DRAM currents and timing specifications that are over …
Digital twins for electric grids | DS Zolin, EN Ryzhkova - … Russian Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This article describes the main applications of digital twins in operating a digital substation. It  evaluates the associated features and benefits that are covered herein applicably to transmission  and distribution grids alike, since they differ in their fundamental operating principles …
Reverse engineering convolutional neural networks through side-channel information leaks | W Hua, Z Zhang, GE Suh - … Design Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | A convolutional neural network (CNN) model represents a crucial piece of intellectual property  in many applications. Revealing its structure or weights would leak confidential information.  In this paper we present novel reverse-engineering attacks on CNNs running on a …
PARC: A processing-in-CAM architecture for genomic long read pairwise alignment using ReRAM | F Chen, L Song, Y Chen - … Design Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Background, Related Work and Motivation This section introduces the background knowledge  that facilitates our design. The basics of … propose an area-efficient CAM design shown in  Figure 3 utilizing high-density ReRAM cells. In the proposed design, each CAM unit consists …
On the automatic exploration of weight sharing for deep neural network compression | E Dupuis, D Novo, I O'Connor… - 2020 Design, Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To the best of our knowledge, no automated approach exists to explore, select and generate  the best approximate versions of a given convolutional neural network (CNN) according to  the design objectives. The goal of this work in progress is to demonstrate that the design …
Cyber security of critical infrastructures | LA Maglaras, KH Kim, H Janicke, MA Ferrag, S Rallis… - Ict Express, 2018 - Elsevier | Modern Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems are essential for  monitoring and managing electric power generation, transmission and distribution. In the age  of the Internet of Things, SCADA has evolved into big, complex and distributed systems that are …
Boundary-functional broadside and skewed-load tests | I Pomeranz - ACM Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Close-to-functional broadside tests are used for avoiding overtesting of delay faults that can  result from non-functional operation conditions, while avoiding test escapes because of  faults that cannot be detected under functional operation conditions. When a close-to-functional …
Cell-based update algorithm for occupancy grid maps and hybrid map for ADAS on embedded GPUs | J Fickenscher, J Schlumberger… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADASs), such as autonomous driving, require the  continuous computation and update of detailed environment maps. Today's standard processors  in automotive Electronic Control Units (ECUs) struggle to provide enough computing power …
Digital Modeling in Railway Infrastructure and Rolling Stock Objects at all Stages Life Cycle: Features | D Efanov, AS Shilenko… - … Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … engineering structures design. However, the digital modelling application is much wider than  a simple design. This technology can be applied at all stages … The DTM is the foundation  for further design and helps to accelerate the design and optimize the object issuance timing. …
A Comprehensive Analysis of Approximate Computing Techniques: From Component-to Application-Level | A Bosio, D Menard, O Sentieys - … -22nd IEEE/ACM Design, Automation …, 2019 - hal.inria.fr | … The relevance of this tutorial proposal is, therefore, very high, as it targets the design paradigm  that has the potential to be the viable … In the last 5 years, numerous papers on approximate  computing have been presented at DAC and DATE conferences. Several surveys on …
Synthesizing Brain-network-inspired Interconnections for Large-scale Network-on-chips | M Ge, X Ni, X Qi, S Chen, J Huang, Y Kang… - … on Design Automation of …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Brain network is a large-scale complex network with scale-free, small-world, and modularity  properties, which largely supports this high-efficiency massive system. In this article, we  propose to synthesize brain-network-inspired interconnections for large-scale network-on-chips. …
Enhancing thread-level parallelism in asymmetric multicores using transparent instruction offloading | JD Souza, M Manivannan, M Pericàs… - … Design Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Furthermore, we design TUNE to offload operations directly from the issue lanes of the  processor pipeline, after the instruction decoding stage. Thus, our … (3) We design an analytical  model capable of estimating the potential of such system in a diverse application environment. …
Learning to infer: RL-based search for DNN primitive selection on Heterogeneous Embedded Systems | M de Prado, N Pazos, L Benini - … Design, Automation & Test in …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To fulfill this objective, we present QS-DNN, an automatic exploration framework, which  relies on a design space search based on … system design space exploration using machine  learning techniques.” Proceedings of the 45th annual design automation conference. …
Towards smarter diagnosis: A learning-based diagnostic outcome previewer | Q Huang, C Fang, S Mittal, RD Blanton - … on Design Automation of …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Diagnosis takes as input (i) design descriptions (ie, a netlist and maybe its layout), (ii) test  patterns, and (iii) tester response (also referred to as the fail log) of a failing chip. The quality  of a diagnosis is usually characterized by resolution, which is defined as the number of …
A model-driven framework for design and verification of embedded systems through SystemVerilog | MW Anwar, M Rashid, F Azam, M Kashif… - Design Automation for …, 2019 - Springer | … We believe that it is highly suitable to provide both type of verification approaches (Formal  and Dynamic) for the design automation of complex and large embedded systems. Therefore,  in future, we intend to include formal verification facility in the proposed framework. …
Energy-aware designs of ferroelectric ternary content addressable memory | Y Qian, Z Fan, H Wang, C Li, M Imani… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … relatively large search delay prevents the design from practical usage in fast and small  devices. To overcome the above challenges, we propose a compact TCAM design that leverages  FeFETs and a precharge-free design scheme to achieve better area and energy efficiency. …
Thermal Comfort Aware Online Energy Management Framework for a Smart Residential Building | D Watari, I Taniguchi, F Catthoor… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Energy management in buildings equipped with renewable energy is vital for reducing  electricity costs and maximizing occupant comfort. Despite several studies on the scheduling of  appliances, a battery, and heating, ventilating, and air-conditioning (HVAC), there is a lack of a …
A survey of coarse-grained reconfigurable architecture and design: Taxonomy, challenges, and applications | L Liu, J Zhu, Z Li, Y Lu, Y Deng, J Han, S Yin… - ACM Computing …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … This article reviews the architecture and design of CGRAs thoroughly for the purpose of  exploiting their full potential. First, a novel … In summary, the design of the programming  model is the first step of CGRA design flow. Determining how to design a programmer-…
Running efficiently cnns on the edge thanks to hybrid sram-rram in-memory computing | M Rios, F Ponzina, G Ansaloni… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The increasing size of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and the high computational  workload required for inference pose major challenges for their deployment on resource-constrained  edge devices. in this paper, we address them by proposing a novel In-Memory …
Analytical model of integration system for program components of distributed object applications | VP Mochalov, NY Bratchenko… - … Automation Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The paper presents an analytical model of an integration system for the program components  of distributed object applications, which describes the distribution of service times of user  requests depending on system state, the number of unserved requests, queue length, and …
Parametric synthesis of PID controllers for systems in case of low-frequency disturbances | G Ayazyan, E Tausheva - … Russian Automation Conference  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … reported at the conference [14]. The paper is a generalization of the results of the papers  presented by the authors at the conferences [14]. … [2] GL Deshmukh and CB Kadu, “Design  of two degree of freedom PID controller for temperature control system,” Int. Conf. on Automatic …
Quantum computer architecture: Towards full-stack quantum accelerators | K Bertels, A Sarkar, T Hubregtsen… - … Design, Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents the definition and implementation of a quantum computer architecture to  enable creating a new computational device - a quantum computer as an accelerator. A key  question addressed is what such a quantum computer is and how it relates to the classical …
Mapping of local and global synapses on spiking neuromorphic hardware | A Das, Y Wu, K Huynh, F Dell'Anna… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) are widely deployed to solve complex pattern recognition,  function approximation and image classification tasks. With the growing size and complexity  of these networks, hardware implementation becomes challenging because scaling up the …
Decentralized Control of Robotic Arm with Elastic Joints | I Shardyko, M Samorodova… - … Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This article considers application of series elasticity in modern robots with the main focus on  robotic arms. Due to enhanced shock robustness and other useful properties these robotic  arm can provide significant performance in extreme conditions, including space. Since such …
Eye Movement Based Cursor Control and Home Automation for Disabled People | S Mathew, A Sreeshma, TA Jaison… - … Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Access to computer technology is of vital importance to people with disabilities. Eyes can be  regarded as one of the organs that can help a paralyzed person to communicate suitably.  This paper provides a novel idea to control home appliances for disabled people who cannot …
Coyote: An Open Source Simulation Tool to Enable RISC-V in HPC | B Perez, A Fell, JD Davis - 2021 Design, Automation & Test in …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The confluence of technology trends and economics has reincarnated computer architecture  and specifically, software-hardware co-design. We are entering a new era of a completely  open ecosystem, from applications to chips and everything in between. The software-…
From Boolean functions to quantum circuits: A scalable quantum compilation flow in C++ | B Schmitt, F Mozafari, G Meuli, H Riener… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We propose a flow for automated quantum compilation. Our flow takes a Boolean function  implemented in Python as input and translates it into a format appropriate for reversible logic  synthesis. We focus on two quantum compilation tasks: uniform state preparation and oracle …
Go unary: A novel synapse coding and mapping scheme for reliable ReRAM-based neuromorphic computing | C Ma, Y Sun, W Qian, Z Meng, R Yang… - … Design, Automation & …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Neural network (NN) computing contains a large number of multiply-and-accumulate (MAC)  operations, which is the speed bottleneck in traditional von Neumann architecture. Resistive  random access memory (ReRAM)-based crossbar is well suited for matrix-vector …
Enterprise investments for transition from automation to digitization | N Mamedova, N Dneprovskaya - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The paper considers the stages of information-and-technological development of an enterprise  from automation to digitization. The task is set to determine the appropriate moment when  an enterprise shall come to its activity digitization. An early or late transition threatens with …
On IC traceability via blockchain | MN Islam, VC Patii, S Kundu - … on VLSI design, automation and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Traceability of ICs is important for verifying provenance. We present a novel IC traceability  scheme based on blockchain. A blockchain is an immutable public record that maintains a  continuously-growing list of data records secured from tampering and revision. In the proposed …
Lap: A lightweight automata processor for pattern matching tasks | H Xia, L Gong, C Wang, X Chen… - 2021 Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … -design in LAP, which can alleviate the performance losses described in III-B. At last, we  describe LAP’s compilation software, which is also necessary for our co-design. … ” describe  how many cycle are needed for each instruction before and after our co-design described in IV-B. …
Stability-aware integrated routing and scheduling for control applications in Ethernet networks | R Mahfouzi, A Aminifar, S Samii… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Real-time communication over Ethernet is becoming important in various application areas of  cyber-physical systems such as industrial automation and control, avionics, and automotive  networking. Since such applications are typically time critical, Ethernet technology has …
The transprecision computing paradigm: Concept, design, and applications | ACI Malossi, M Schaffner, A Molnos… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Guaranteed numerical precision of each elementary step in a complex computation has been  the mainstay of traditional computing systems for many years. This era, fueled by Moore's  law and the constant exponential improvement in computing efficiency, is at its twilight: from …
Mining Explorer Robot | DV Topolsky, IG Topolskaya… - … Automation Conference …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this article, the direction of study is related to issues specific to the systems of explorer  robots for mining. The use of mining explorer robots allows you to ensure the safety of work in  hard-to-reach places, monitor the condition of active and inactive mines, find in inactive mines …
Fault-criticality assessment for AI accelerators using graph convolutional networks | A Chaudhuri, J Talukdar, J Jung… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Owing to the inherent fault tolerance of deep neural networks (DNNs), many structural faults  in DNN accelerators tend to be functionally benign. In order to identify functionally critical  faults, we analyze the functional impact of stuck-at faults in the processing elements of a 128×…
Design of a time-predictable multicore processor: the T-CREST project | M Schoeberl - … , Automation & Test in Europe Conference & …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Real-time systems need to deliver results in time and often this timely production of a result  needs to be guaranteed. Static timing analysis can be used to bound the worst-case execution  time of tasks. However, this timing analysis is only possible if the processor architecture is …
Device-and temperature dependency of systematic fault injection results in artix-7 and ice40 fpgas | C Fibich, M Horauer… - 2021 Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … fault injection to a design generated by high-level synthesis to determine the effects of certain  synthesis strategies on design reliability. In [4… Design under Test: A synthetic test design  was used as a target for systematic fault injection experiments. It consists of a Linear Feedback …
FINN-L: Library extensions and design trade-off analysis for variable precision LSTM networks on FPGAs | V Rybalkin, A Pappalardo, MM Ghaffar… - … conference on field …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we present the first systematic exploration of this design space as a function  of precision for Bidirectional Long Short-Term Memory (BiLSTM) neural network. Specifically,  we include an in-depth investigation of precision vs. accuracy using a fully hardware-aware …
XNOR-RRAM: A scalable and parallel resistive synaptic architecture for binary neural networks | X Sun, S Yin, X Peng, R Liu, J Seo… - 2018 Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this work, we propose a RRAM synaptic architecture (XNOR-RRAM) with a bit-cell design  of complementary word lines that implements … We investigate the impact of sensing offsets  on classification accuracy and analyze various design options with different sub-array sizes …
Specifying and evaluating quality metrics for vision-based perception systems | A Balakrishnan, AG Puranic, X Qin… - … Design, Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Robust perception algorithms are a vital ingredient for autonomous systems such as self-driving  vehicles. Checking the correctness of perception algorithms such as those based on deep  convolutional neural networks (CNN) is a formidable challenge problem. In this paper, we …
Energy conservation in IoT-based smart home and its automation | PP Singh, PK Khosla, M Mittal - Energy conservation for IoT devices, 2019 - Springer | … This chapter also discusses the design trade-offs with an emphasis on energy  conservation. It discusses data security model, data encryption, and their practical  approaches in smart home. It classifies the various important components in smart home. …
Energy-efficient convolutional neural networks via recurrent data reuse | L Mocerino, V Tenace… - 2019 Design, Automation & …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … More specifically, we introduce (i) a clustering methodology that maximizes weights/activation  reuse, and (ii) the design of a … To leverage this mechanism we also introduce the design  of a hardware processing element (PE) that exploits the joint co-operation of an …
Digital test of ZigBee transmitters: Validation in industrial test environment | T Vayssade, F Azaïs, L Latorre… - … Design, Automation & …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents the validation of a low-cost solution for production test of ZigBee  transmitters in industrial environment. The solution relies on 1-bit acquisition of a 2.4GHz  signal with a standard digital ATE channel using harmonic sampling. Dedicated post-processing …
Proceedings of International Conference on Intelligent Manufacturing and Automation: ICIMA 2018 | H Vasudevan, VKN Kottur, AA Raina - 2019 - Springer | … Covering a range of topics in intelligent manufacturing, automation, advanced materials  and design, it focuses on the latest advances in eg CAD/CAM/CAE/CIM/FMS in manufacturing,  artificial intelligence in manufacturing, IoT in manufacturing, product design & development, …
Once-for-all: Train one network and specialize it for efficient deployment | H Cai, C Gan, T Wang, Z Zhang, S Han - arXiv preprint arXiv:1908.09791, 2019 - arxiv.org | … As such, we reduce the total cost of specialized neural network design from O(N) to O(1) (Figure  1 middle). … previous approaches that design and train a neural network for each  deployment scenario, we designed a once-for-all network that supports different architectural …
Process Design for Automation | FL del Blanco García, IG Ríos, AG Uriel - L. Agustìn-Hernández et al, 2020 - academia.edu | … The objective of the project designed in the workshops was not to design a specific tool, but  for the students to learn how to design their own customized tools. With this in mind, each  attendant could add the desired parameters to an existing software, or simply create a new one. …
Representable Matrices: Enabling High Accuracy Analog Computation for Inference of DNNs using Memristors | B Zhang, N Uysal, D Fan… - … Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Analog computing based on memristor technology is a promising solution to accelerating  the inference phase of deep neural networks (DNNs). A fundamental problem is to map an  arbitrary matrix to a memristor crossbar array (MCA) while maximizing the resulting …
Memory trojan attack on neural network accelerators | Y Zhao, X Hu, S Li, J Ye, L Deng, Y Ji… - … Design, Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Neural network accelerators are widely deployed in application systems for computer vision,  speech recognition, and machine translation. Due to ubiquitous deployment of these systems,  a strong incentive rises for adversaries to attack such artificial intelligence (AI) systems. …
Automated masking of software implementations on industrial microcontrollers | A Abromeit, F Bache, LA Becker… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Physical side-channel attacks threaten the security of exposed embedded devices, such as  microcontrollers. Dedicated countermeasures, like masking, are necessary to prevent these  powerful attacks. However, a gap between well-studied leakage models and observed …
Mapping quantum circuits to IBM QX architectures using the minimal number of SWAP and H operations | R Wille, L Burgholzer, A Zulehner - … Automation Conference  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The recent progress in the physical realization of quantum computers (the first publicly  available ones-IBM's QX architectures-have been launched in 2017) has motivated research on  automatic methods that aid users in running quantum circuits on them. Here, certain physical …
Revealing Cluster Hierarchy in Gate-level ICs Using Block Diagrams and Cluster Estimates of Circuit Embeddings | B Cakir, S Malik - ACM Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In this work, we provide a framework that given (i) a gate-level netlist of a design and (ii)  a block diagram for the design with relative sizes of the blocks, outputs a matching between  the partitions of the circuit and blocks in the block diagram. We first compute a geometric …
Reuse distance-based victim cache for effective utilisation of hybrid main memory system | A Nath, S Agarwal, HK Kapoor - … Transactions on Design Automation of …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the Conference on Design, Automation & Test … In Proceedings of the  55th Annual Design Automation Conference (DAC’18). ACM, New York, NY, Article 58, 6  pages. DOI:https://doi.… In Proceedings of the 53rd Annual Design Automation Conference (DAC’16). …
Towards efficient Kyber on FPGAs: A processor for vector of polynomials | Z Chen, Y Ma, T Chen, J Lin… - … Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Kyber is a promising candidate in post-quantum cryptography standardization process. In  this paper, we propose a targeted optimization strategy and implement a processor for Kyber  on FPGAs. By merging the operations, we cut off 29.4% clock cycles for Kyber512 and 33.3% …
Security-aware routing and scheduling for control applications on Ethernet TSN networks | R Mahfouzi, A Aminifar, S Samii, P Eles… - … on Design Automation of …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … This work is an extension of our conference paper [32]. Authors’ addresses: R. Mahfouzi, P.  … Research in the area of synthesis and design optimization of real-time Ethernet has focused  mostly … These variables are determined at design time using our security-aware routing and …
AAoT: Lightweight attestation and authentication of low-resource things in IoT and CPS | W Feng, Y Qin, S Zhao, D Feng - Computer Networks, 2018 - Elsevier | … We demonstrate a detailed design and prototype implementation of AAoT, a lightweight and  practical mechanism for Attestation and Authentication of Things, that can provide software  integrity, mutual authentication and tamper-proof feature for smart embedded devices. AAoT …
Investigation of impact of UWB RTLS errors on AGV positioning accuracy | V Pudlovskiy, A Chugunov… - … automation conference  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper we investigate the accuracy of positioning using ultra-wide band (UWB) radio  signals in the indoor navigation system. The system is operated by means of the TDoA  method that provides an unlimited amount of tracked objects. The system consists of tags and …
Investigation on Energy Feedback Potentiality of New Hydraulic Interconnected Energy-Regenerative Suspension | Z Sun, R Wang, X Meng, Q Jiang - … Intelligent Automation Conference, 2019 - Springer | To solve the problem of large energy consumption and energy waste in hydraulic  interconnected suspension vibration, a hydraulic interconnected energy feedback suspension  system is proposed to recover and reuse the energy, and the energy feedback potentiality of the …
Efficient human activity recognition using hyperdimensional computing | Y Kim, M Imani, TS Rosing - … of the 8th International Conference on the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In addition, our design improves the performance of the HD-based inference procedure by  … Figure 1 describes our design that recognizes human activities based on HD computing. We  … In the one-shot learning, our design reads and process the hypervectors for each sample …
Lazy event prediction using defining trees and schedule bypass for out-of-order PDES | D Mendoza, Z Cheng, E Arasteh… - … Design, Automation & …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Out-of-order parallel discrete event simulation (PDES) has been shown to be very effective  in speeding up system design by utilizing parallel processors on multi- and many-core hosts.  As the number of threads in the design model grows larger, however, the original scheduling …
An inside job: Remote power analysis attacks on FPGAs | F Schellenberg, DRE Gnad, A Moradi… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Hardware Trojans have gained increasing interest during the past few years. Undeniably, the  detection of such malicious designs needs a deep understanding of how they can practically  be built and developed. In this work we present a design methodology dedicated to …
Dynamically scheduled high-level synthesis | L Josipović, R Ghosal, P Ienne - Proceedings of the 2018 ACM/SIGDA …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … The next problem is connecting the design to memory, which we describe in Section 3.5.  There is an essential optimization to extract … LLVM IR into an elastic circuit as-is: this is the  only example of design where our result is Pareto dominated by the static one, but the impact of …
Construction of smooth biorthogonal waves on triangulated spaces | YI Bityukov, YI Deniskin… - … Automation Conference  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The article presents the results of the first part of the work on the development of CAD / CAM  / CAE systems for the analysis and construction of fiber laying trajectories for 3D printing of  structures made of composite materials. The study is devoted to biorthogonal wavelets of the …
Practical causality handling for synchronous languages | S Smyth, A Schulz-Rosengarten… - … Design, Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | A key to the synchronous principle of reconciling concurrency with determinism is to establish  at compile time that a program is causal, which means that there exists a schedule that  obeys the rules put down by the language. In practice it can be rather cumbersome for the …
ApproxFPGAs: Embracing ASIC-based approximate arithmetic components for FPGA-based systems | BS Prabakaran, V Mrazek, Z Vasicek… - … Design Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | There has been abundant research on the development of Approximate Circuits (ACs) for  ASICs. However, previous studies have illustrated that ASIC-based ACs offer asymmetrical  gains in FPGA-based accelerators. Therefore, an AC that might be pareto-optimal for ASICs …
Doping-free complementary logic gates enabled by two-dimensional polarity-controllable transistors | GV Resta, Y Balaji, D Lin, IP Radu, F Catthoor… - ACS …, 2018 - ACS Publications | … Moreover, the PG and CG structures are identical for all the fabricated logic gates (except  for the inverter design), creating a universal gating structure that enables a highly regular and  flexible design of the logic gates. In fact, different logic gates can be obtained from the same …
Extending the RISC-V instruction set for hardware acceleration of the post-quantum scheme LAC | T Fritzmann, G Sigl, J Sepúlveda - 2020 Design, Automation & …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Our contribution: In this paper, we propose the first embedded implementation of LAC with  co-design techniques. Our design is based on the extension of the RISC-V instruction set  and is accelerated through tailor-made hardware accelerators. The hardware modules are …
A transprecision floating-point platform for ultra-low power computing | G Tagliavini, S Mach, D Rossi… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In modern low-power embedded platforms, the execution of floating-point (FP) operations  emerges as a major contributor to the energy consumption of compute-intensive applications  with large dynamic range. Experimental evidence shows that 50% of the energy consumed by …
Optimization of the PLL configuration in a PLL-based TRNG design | EN Allini, O Petura, V Fischer… - 2018 Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Several recent designs show that the phase locked-loops (PLLs) are well suited for building  true random number generators (TRNG) in logic devices and especially in FPGAs, in which  PLLs are physically isolated from the rest of the device. However, the setup of the PLL …
Towards a python-based one language ecosystem for embedded systems automation | Z Han, K Devarajegowda, M Werner… - … Systems Conference  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Design productivity remains a big problem in current embedded system development.  Domain-Specific Languages (DSLs) are a promising measure to accelerate the development  cycle. However, the inconsistent syntax in various DSLs, during system development and manual …
LDFSM: A Low-Cost Bit-Stream Generator for Low-Discrepancy Stochastic Computing | S Asadi, MH Najafi - … 57th Annual Design Automation Conference …, 2020 - researchgate.net | … Although such high precision is rarely needed, we integrate our design with the rotation  method of [6] to develop a low-cost full-precision LD design. We synthesize the designs using  the Synopsys Design Compiler v2018.06 with the 45nm FreePDK gate library. As reported in …
Orienteering Mobile App | I Bikmullina, N Kusyumov - International Russian Automation Conference, 2020 - Springer | … In programming, various design patterns are used to describe architectural patterns of  application design were derived such as MVC, MVVM, MVP. The listed patterns differ in only  insignificant nuances of the principles of interaction of the structural parts of the program with each …
Floatpim: In-memory acceleration of deep neural network training with high precision | M Imani, S Gupta, Y Kim… - 2019 ACM/IEEE 46th …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Our proposed design optimizes each of the basic operations to provide high performance.  For example, for the convolution which requires shifting convolution kernels across different  parts of an input matrix, we design shifter circuits that allow accessing weight vectors across …
Evaluating the impact of execution parameters on program vulnerability in gpu applications | FG Previlon, C Kalra, DR Kaeli… - 2018 Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | While transient faults continue to be a major concern for the High Performance Computing (HPC)  community, we still lack a clear understanding of how these faults propagate in applications.  This paper addresses two particular aspects of the vulnerabilities of HPC applications …
Physical unclonable functions in the internet of things: State of the art and open challenges | A Babaei, G Schiele - Sensors, 2019 - mdpi.com | … Alternatively, we can choose a (strong) PUF design with an amount of CRPs that is large  enough to never reuse one. The classic tactic to have a larger number of CRPs is to occupy  more computational resources on the chip [12,19]. Since computational resources are scarce in …
Looking into the Future: Weaving the Threads of Vehicle Automation | S Sadeghian Borojeni, A Meschtscherjakov… - … 2019 CHI Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In line with the CHI2019 conference theme, our aim is to weave the threads of vehicle  automation by gathering people from different … to look into concrete future scenarios of driving  automation and its impact on HCI research and practice. Using design fiction, we will look into the …
Non-intrusive testing technique for detection of trojans in asynchronous circuits | LA Guimarães, TF de Paiva Leite… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Asynchronous circuits, as any IC, are vulnerable to hardware Trojans (HTs), which might be  maliciously implanted in IC designs during outsourced fabrication phases. In this paper, a  new testing technique to detect HTs by exploiting the regular side-channel properties of quasi-…
Automated Synthesis of Predictable and High-Performance Cache Coherence Protocols | AM Kaushik, H Patel - … Automation & Test in Europe Conference …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present SYNTHIA, an open and automated tool for synthesizing predictable and high-performance  snooping bus-based cache coherence protocols for multi-core processors in multi-processor  system-on-chips (MPSoCs) deployed in real-time systems. SYNTHIA automates …
MTTF-aware design methodology of error prediction based adaptively voltage-scaled circuits | Y Masuda, M Hashimoto - … Design Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper focuses on error prediction based adaptive voltage scaling (EP-AVS) and proposes  an MTTFaware design methodology for EP-… phase, and thus the insertion of error prediction  sensors is facilitated in the EP-AVS design. As for the sensing circuit design, we propose a …
Polynomial Matrix and Multiloop Control Methods Synthesis Comparation for a DC Drive | A Voevoda, V Filiushov… - … Automation Conference  …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | the principle of subordinate regulation is a common control method for control objects with  several series connected loops. The feature is sequential calculations of regulators, forming  closed loops by their output variable. The outer loop output signal is a reference signal to the …
Towards high-performance polarity-controllable FETs with 2D materials | GV Resta, JR Gonzalez, Y Balaji… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | As scaling of conventional silicon-based electronics is reaching its ultimate limit, two-dimensional  semiconducting materials of the transition-metal-dichalcogenides family, such as MoS2 and  WSe2, are considered as viable candidates for next-generation electronic devices. …
A survey of optimization techniques for thermal-aware 3D processors | K Cao, J Zhou, T Wei, M Chen, S Hu, K Li - Journal of Systems Architecture, 2019 - Elsevier | Interconnect scaling has become a major design challenge for traditional planar (2D)  integrated circuits (ICs). Three-dimensional (3D) IC that stacks multiple device layers through  3D stacking technology is regarded as an effective solution to this dilemma. A promising 3D IC …
Optimization of Processing Modes on Multioperational Machines Using Two-parameter D-Partitions | O Krol, V Sokolov - … Russian Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Stability, vibration-free processing of various products types on multioperational machines  indicates an improvement in research in the field of machine dynamics and their main  forming units. Three-dimensional models of the forming units for multioperational drilling-milling-…
A binary learning framework for hyperdimensional computing | M Imani, J Messerly, F Wu, W Pi… - … Design, Automation & …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Brain-inspired Hyperdimensional (HD) computing is a computing paradigm emulating a  neuron's activity in high-dimensional space. In practice, HD first encodes all data points to  high-dimensional vectors, called hypervectors, and then performs the classification task in an …
Demand-driven single-and multitarget mixture preparation using digital microfluidic biochips | S Kumar, A Singla, S Roy, K Chakrabarty… - … on Design Automation …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In particular, digital microfluidic (DMF) biochips have received much attention from the design  automation community because of their programmability and reconfigurability. A DMF biochip  … Recent years have seen a surge in interest toward design automation for DMF biochips [2…
Intelligent decision support system for detection of anomalies and unmanned surface vehicle inertial navigation correction | IE Shishkin, AN Grekov… - … Automation Conference  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Cimbritz, “Human factor issues during remote ship monitoring tasks: An ecological lesson for  system design in a distributed context,” Int. Journal of … Li, “Design and application of a  monitoring system for the floatover installation,” Ocean Engineering, vol. 150, pp. 194–208, 2018. …
Impedance Models in AnomalousElectrical Conduction Zones Forming by In-Vivo Experiments for Intelligent Systemsof Socially Important Diseases Diagnostic | AA Burmaka, OV Shatalova… - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The text proposes a parametric model of the biomaterial electrical resistance based on an  analysis of the transient process. The model is designed to form a space of informative features  for intelligent forecast systems of socially important diseases. To construct the space of …
Human Reliability Assessment in Control Systems | AV Solovyev - International Russian Automation Conference, 2020 - Springer | … This mathematical model for HRA assessment approved in the research and design of two  large information systems. The proposed … The modified mathematical model was used in the  design of the Skolkovo “Smart city” control system [30]. Based on the results of the application, …
Disjoint-support decomposition and extraction for interconnect-driven threshold logic synthesis | H Chen, SC Hung, JHR Jiang - … Design Automation Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Threshold logic circuits are artificial neural networks with their neuron outputs being binarized,  thus amenable for efficient, multiplierfree, hardware implementation of machine learning  applications. In the reviving threshold logic synthesis, this work lays the foundations of disjoint…
Aging-aware lifetime enhancement for memristor-based neuromorphic computing | S Zhang, GL Zhang, B Li, HH Li… - … Design, Automation & …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Memristor-based crossbars have been applied successfully to accelerate vector-matrix  computations in deep neural networks. During the training process of neural networks, the  conductances of the memristors in the crossbars must be updated repetitively. However, …
An exact method for design exploration of quantum-dot cellular automata | M Walter, R Wille, D Große, FS Torres… - … Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , the crossings of wires, restricted wire lengths, etc.), methods for design automation of QCA  circuits are inevitable. … the ability of creating feedback paths, both turning USE in a clocking  scheme suitable for design automation. … Design, Automation And Test in Europe (DATE 2018) …
Single-path nas: Designing hardware-efficient convnets in less than 4 hours | D Stamoulis, R Ding, D Wang… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | Can we automatically design a Convolutional Network (ConvNet) with the highest image  classification accuracy under the runtime constraint of a mobile device? Neural architecture  search (NAS) has revolutionized the design of hardware-efficient ConvNets by automating this …
Hypernel: a hardware-assisted framework for kernel protection without nested paging | D Kwon, K Oh, J Park, S Yang, Y Cho… - … Automation Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Large OS kernels always suffer from attacks due to their numerous inherent vulnerabilities.  To protect the kernel, hypervisors have been employed by many security solutions. However,  relying on a hypervisor has a detrimental impact on the system performance due mainly to …
Prive-hd: Privacy-preserved hyperdimensional computing | B Khaleghi, M Imani, T Rosing - … Automation Conference (DAC), 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The privacy of data is a major challenge in machine learning as a trained model may expose  sensitive information of the enclosed dataset. Besides, the limited computation capability  and capacity of edge devices have made cloud-hosted inference inevitable. Sending private …
An automated configurable Trojan insertion framework for dynamic trust benchmarks | J Cruz, Y Huang, P Mishra… - 2018 Design, Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … With this input we construct the Trojan and automatically insert it into the design. Algorithm  1 shows the four major steps in our automated … In Figure 4, the left design is an example  design after we generated a list of feasible Trojans. With input θ = 0.2, q = 2, r = 2, N = 2, type = …
A survey on internet of things security from data perspectives | J Hou, L Qu, W Shi - Computer Networks, 2019 - Elsevier | … And it studied the challenges and promising measures in design and deployment of distributed  IoT security mechanisms, concerning … Hybrid methods employ software/hardware co-design  to defend against adversaries in a network setting (ie, multiple hops between the prover …
Towards the self-powered Internet of Things (IoT) by energy harvesting: Trends and technologies for green IoT | AS Adila, A Husam, G Husi - 2018 2nd International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper emphases on brief overview regarding harvesting technologies to power up the  IoT devices, the related approach regarding design considerations of an IoT module and the  power management as the key component inside any energy harvesting based IoT system. …
EDA for IC system design, verification, and testing | L Scheffer, L Lavagno, G Martin - 2018 - books.google.com | … of the design automation algorithms, tools, and methodologies used to design integrated  circuits, the Electronic Design Automation for Integrated … The first volume, EDA for IC System  Design, Verification, and Testing, thoroughly examines system-level design, microarchitectural …
Pairing of microring-based silicon photonic transceivers for tuning power optimization | R Wu, MA Seyedi, Y Wang, J Hulme… - … Design Automation …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Nanophotonic interconnects have started replacing traditional electrical interconnects in data  centers for rack-level communications and demonstrated great potential at board and chip  levels. However, microring-based silicon photonic transceivers, an important element for …
Exact algorithms for delay-bounded Steiner arborescences | S Held, B Rockel - … of the 55th Annual Design Automation Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the 55th Annual Design Automation Conference: Exact algorithms for delay-bounded  steiner arborescences … Buffer insertion is a central task in chip design. Often this step is  subdivided into topology generation and subsequent buffer insertion. Here, we focus on the …
Making the relationship between uncertainty estimation and safety less uncertain | V Aravantinos, P Schlicht - 2020 Design, Automation & Test in …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Uncertainty estimation is an intense subject of research in object detection. A commonly  mentioned motivation is the usage of object detection in safety-critical applications. However,  the precise connection between uncertainty estimation and safety engineering is seldom done: …
DPS: dynamic precision scaling for stochastic computing-based deep neural networks | H Sim, S Kenzhegulov, J Lee - … Annual Design Automation Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the 55th Annual Design Automation Conference: DPS: dynamic precision …  Third, we present our design methodology to optimize DPS SC-DNNs in Section 4. … We  find this scheme robust as it does not rely on any arbitrary design parameter, which is a major …
Automatization of geotermal water acoustic and magnetic treatment process in hydroponic greenhouse heating system | AV Korzhakov, VE Korzhakov… - … Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Based on the technology, equipment and objectives of nonchemical geothermal water  treatment management as well as the design … The acoustic magnetic treatment automation for  the hydroponic greenhouses geothermal water heating system is introduced. This introduction …
A survey of ReRAM-based architectures for processing-in-memory and neural networks | S Mittal - Machine learning and knowledge extraction, 2019 - mdpi.com | As data movement operations and power-budget become key bottlenecks in the design of  computing systems, the interest in unconventional approaches such as processing-in-memory  (PIM), machine learning (ML), and especially neural network (NN)-based accelerators has …
The case for exploiting underutilized resources in heterogeneous mobile architectures | CY Hsieh, AA Sani, N Dutt - 2019 Design, Automation & Test in …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Heterogeneous architectures are ubiquitous in mobile platforms, with mobile SoCs typically  integrating multiple processors along with accelerators such as GPUs (for data-parallel kernels)  and DSPs (for signal processing kernels). This strict partitioning of application execution …
Technical Support for Adaptive-Wheel Movers Simulation in Mobile Robotic Off-Road Capability Systems | YP Serdobintsev, AK Ivanyuk… - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … • Checking the algorithm on the assembled microprocessor module The new design of the  adaptive mover with the use of strain gages and … Let's consider in more details the design of  the developed adaptive wheel. The main elements of the mover design are shown in Figures 5 …
Hidden-delay-fault sensor for test, reliability and security | G Di Natale, EI Vatajelu, KS Kannan… - … Design, Automation & …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper we present a novel hidden-delay-fault sensor design and a preliminary analysis of  its circuit integration and applicability. In our proposed method, the delay sensing is achieved  by sampling data on both rising and falling clock edges and using a variable duty cycle …
Analysis of image clusterization methods for oceanographical equipment | IE Shishkin, AN Grekov - … Russian Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The method of visual analysis, which provides detection of contours and clusterization of  objects of interest optimized for real-time operation is offered in this paper. The method is  intended for use in oceanographic equipment to estimate the abundance and dynamics of …
Hyperpower: Power-and memory-constrained hyper-parameter optimization for neural networks | D Stamoulis, E Cai, DC Juan… - … Design, Automation & …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | While selecting the hyper-parameters of Neural Networks (NNs) has been so far treated as an  art, the emergence of more complex, deeper architectures poses increasingly more  challenges to designers and Machine Learning (ML) practitioners, especially when power and …
Making memristive neural network accelerators reliable | B Feinberg, S Wang, E Ipek - 2018 IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … One promising way to address this problem is to design an accelerator based on in-situ  analog computing that leverages the fundamental … Due to the performance limitations of our  Monte-Carlo simulation, we evaluate AlexNet at a single 2 bit cell, 9 ECC bit design point rather …
Approximation trade offs in an image-based control system | S De, S Mohamed, K Bimpisidis… - … Design, Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Image-based control (IBC) systems use camera sensor(s) to perceive the environment. The  inherent compute-heavy nature of image processing causes long processing delay that  negatively influences the performance of the IBC systems. Our idea is to reduce the long delay …
Comprehensive evaluation of supply voltage underscaling in fpga on-chip memories | B Salami, OS Unsal… - 2018 51st Annual IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Second, Vcrash that is the lowest level of the voltage at which our design practically operates.  For all tested platforms, factory set Vnom is … The maximum operating frequency of our design  is 100Mhz and the area utilization is summarized as 58.3%, 13.1%, and 43.1% for DSP, FF…
Minimizing execution duration in the presence of learning-enabled components | K Agrawal, A Burns, A Singh… - 2020 Design, Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Autonomous systems are increasingly using components that incorporate machine learning  and other AI-based techniques in order to achieve improved performance. We address the  problem of assuring correctness in safety-critical systems that use such components. We …
Hidden in plaintext: An obfuscation-based countermeasure against FPGA bitstream tampering attacks | T Hoque, K Yang, R Karam, S Tajik, D Forte… - … on Design Automation …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … FPGA design. Our solution first identifies the unique structural and functional features that  separate the critical function from the rest of the design … By applying the masking technique  on a design containing AES, we show the effectiveness of the proposed framework in hiding the …
TRIG: Hardware accelerator for inference-based applications and experimental demonstration using carbon nanotube FETs | G Hills, D Bankman, B Moons, L Yang… - … Automation Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … CNFET circuit design and fabrication follows standard VLSI processing and design flows [29],  and so industry-practice electronic design automation (EDA) tools can be used to create  CNFET digital computing engines, including domain-specific hardware accelerators, which …
Stochastic computing with integrated optics | H El-Derhalli, S Le Beux, S Tahar - 2019 Design, Automation & …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Stochastic computing (SC) allows reducing hardware complexity and improving energy  efficiency of error resilient applications. However, a main limitation of the computing paradigm  is the low throughput induced by the intrinsic serial computing of bit-streams. In this paper, we …
Chip Performance Prediction Using Machine Learning Techniques | MY Su, WC Lin, YT Kuo, CM Li… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Experimental results on 12K industry chips show that our prediction accuracy is comparable  to automation test equipment’s measurement … different industrial designs, Design 1 and  Design 2. The gate count of Design 1 is 0.8 million, and the gate count of Design 2 is 1.6 million. …
Structures for supporting BIM-based automation in the design process | J Mukkavaara - 2018 - diva-portal.org | … The purpose of this thesis was to investigate how structures could be applied on both a  system and information level to support automation within a BIM-based design process, and  more specifically how these structures could be used to overcome some of the challenges of …
Empirical Evidence for MPSoCs in Critical Systems: The Case of NXP's T2080 Cache Coherence | R Pujol, H Tabani, J Abella, M Hassan… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The adoption of complex MPSoCs in critical realtime embedded systems mandates a detailed  analysis of their architecture to facilitate certification. This analysis is hindered by the lack of  a thorough understanding of the MPSoC system due to the unobvious and/or insufficiently …
Multiplier Architectures: Challenges and Opportunities with Plasmonic-based Logic:(Special Session Paper) | E Testa, SL Noor, O Zografos, M Soeken… - … Design, Automation …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Emerging technologies such as plasmonics and photonics are promising alternatives to  CMOS for high throughput applications, thanks to their waveguide's low power consumption  and high speed of computation. Besides these qualities, these novel technologies also …
SMT attack: Next generation attack on obfuscated circuits with capabilities and performance beyond the SAT attacks | KZ Azar, HM Kamali, H Homayoun… - IACR Transactions on …, 2019 - tches.iacr.org | In this paper, we introduce the Satisfiability Modulo Theory (SMT) attack on obfuscated circuits.  The proposed attack is the superset of Satisfiability (SAT) attack, with many additional features.  It uses one or more theory solvers in addition to its internal SAT solver. For this reason, …
Design of resource sharing reconfigurable ΔΣ SAR-ADC | M Ishizuka, K Yamada, H Ishikuro - … Automation Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents an ADC with re-configurability between SAR-only mode and delta-sigma  (ΔΣ assisted mode). The ΔΣ assisted mode brings resolution enhancement. Proposed ADC  shares a capacitor array for SAR, feedback DAC, and integrator capacitor in ΔΣ loop, which …
Methods and materials for smart manufacturing: additive manufacturing, internet of things, flexible sensors and soft robotics | A Kumar - Manufacturing Letters, 2018 - Elsevier | With the advent of the Fourth Industrial Revolution, the realization of smart manufacturing  and Industry 4.0, rapid advancements in technologies will change manufacturing of goods  and services, apart from how we live. Innovation in digital technologies will have to be …
Post Silicon Validation of the MMU | T Kolan, H Mendelson, V Sokhin… - … Design, Automation …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | I. Abstract Post silicon validation is a unique challenge in the design verification process. On  one hand, it utilizes real silicon and is therefore able to cover a larger state-space. On the  other, it suffers from debugging challenges due to a lack of observability into the design. These …
Cache side-channel attacks and time-predictability in high-performance critical real-time systems | D Trilla Rodríguez, C Hernández Luz… - … Design Automation …, 2018 - upcommons.upc.edu | Embedded computers control an increasing number of systems directly interacting with  humans, while also manage more and more personal or sensitive information. As a result,  both safety and security are becoming ubiquitous requirements in embedded computers, and …
Research of computational capabilities of software and hardware platforms to run CNC system using load testing | IA Kovalev, NY Chervonnova… - … Automation Conference  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Most modern manufacturers of automated process control systems (Schneider Electric,  Rockwell Automation, Fagor Automation) use a set of solutions that cover certain sectors in the  automation market [1-3]. Large European manufacturers (Siemens, Robert Bosch) are focused …
Rapid triggering capability using an adaptive overlay during FPGA debug | F Eslami, SJE Wilton - ACM Transactions on Design Automation of …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … still require long design and debug cycles. To debug hardware circuits, trace-based  instrumentation is inserted into the design that enables … of entire design “eco-systems” that provide  the ability to rapidly design, debug, optimize, and understand designs implemented on FPGAs. …
Tbt: Targeted neural network attack with bit trojan | AS Rakin, Z He, D Fan - … of the IEEE/CVF Conference on …, 2020 - openaccess.thecvf.com | Security of modern Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) is under severe scrutiny as the deployment  of these models become widespread in many intelligence-based applications. Most  recently, DNNs are attacked through Trojan which can effectively infect the model during the …
Sparse reram engine: Joint exploration of activation and weight sparsity in compressed neural networks | TH Yang, HY Cheng, CL Yang, IC Tseng… - Proceedings of the 46th …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … study the design challenges of sparsity exploration on ReRAM-based DNN accelerators, and  show that a practical OUbased design enables … To our best knowledge, this is the first sparsity  exploration work that targets a practical hardware design for ReRAM-based accelerators …
A review of near-memory computing architectures: Opportunities and challenges | G Singh, L Chelini, S Corda, AJ Awan… - … Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In Section VI we look into the tools and techniques used while performing the design space  exploration for these systems. This section also illustrates the importance of application  characterization for these systems. Section VII presents a high level analytic approach to model …
Cloud-assisted control of ground vehicles using adaptive computation offloading techniques | A Adiththan, S Ramesh, S Samii - … Design, Automation & Test in …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The existing approaches to design efficient safety-critical control applications is constrained  by limited in-vehicle sensing and computational capabilities. In the context of automated  driving, we argue that there is a need to leverage resources “out-of-the-vehicle” to meet the …
Lightweight anonymous routing in noc based socs | S Charles, M Logan, P Mishra - … Design, Automation & Test in …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | System-on-Chip (SoC) supply chain is widely acknowledged as a major source of security  vulnerabilities. Potentially malicious third-party IPs integrated on the same Network-on-Chip  (NoC) with the trusted components can lead to security and trust concerns. While secure …
Quantum-assisted quantum compiling | S Khatri, R LaRose, A Poremba, L Cincio… - Quantum, 2019 - quantum-journal.org | Compiling quantum algorithms for near-term quantum computers (accounting for connectivity  and native gate alphabets) is a major challenge that has received significant attention both  by industry and academia. Avoiding the exponential overhead of classical simulation of …
Fault-tolerant unicast-based multicast for reliable network-on-chip testing | D Xiang, K Chakrabarty, H Fujiwara - … on Design Automation of …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | We present a unified test technique that targets faults in links, routers, and cores of a network-on-chip  design based on test sessions. We call an entire procedure, that delivers test packets to the  subset of routers/cores, a test session. Test delivery for router/core testing is …
Developing a Technical Diagnostic Systems for Internal Combustion Engines | LA Galiullin, RA Valiev - International Russian Automation Conference, 2019 - Springer | This article describes the methods of developing a technical diagnostic system for internal  combustion engines. The automotive industry plays a leading role in the economy of any  state. The history of the global automotive industry development is closely linked with the …
Development and Investigation of a Motion Planning Algorithm for a Mobile Robot with a Smart Machine Vision System | AI Martyshkin, DA Trokoz… - … Automation Conference  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … -use sensors, facilitating the creation of MRs of virtually any design. The built-in Bluetooth  module provides wireless connection with MR, which greatly simplifies the design. The  fundamental concept in MR design for solving the motion planning problem consists in dividing the …
RF-PUF: Enhancing IoT Security Through Authentication of Wireless Nodes Using In-Situ Machine Learning | B Chatterjee, D Das, S Maity… - IEEE Internet of Things …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … His research interests include design of circuits and systems for human body  communication, hardware security, and mixed signal circuits … He has authored/coauthored 2  book chapters, over 100 conference and journal papers and has 13 patents granted/ pending. …
SmartShuttle: Optimizing off-chip memory accesses for deep learning accelerators | J Li, G Yan, W Lu, S Jiang, S Gong… - … Design, Automation & …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) accelerators are rapidly growing in popularity as a  promising solution for deep learning based applications. Though optimizations on computation  have been intensively studied, the energy efficiency of such accelerators remains limited by …
Understanding energy efficiency benefits of carbon nanotube field-effect transistors for digital VLSI | G Hills, MG Bardon, G Doornbos… - IEEE Transactions …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … These libraries are then used in conjunction with industry-practice electronic design  automation (EDA) tools for synthesis (Synopsys Design Compiler) and place-and-route (Synopsys  IC Compiler, Cadence Encounter) of processor core physical designs (OpenSPARC T2 [17], …
Automatic insertion of airgap with design rule constraints | D Hyun, Y Shin - … South Pacific Design Automation Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Airgap is a technology that enables air to be used as IMD (inter metal dielectric). It brings about  reduced coupling capacitance, which helps reduce circuit delay and power consumption.  Airgap is constrained by a number of design rules. Manual insertion of airgap while design …
A Survey on optimized implementation of deep learning models on the NVIDIA Jetson platform | S Mittal - Journal of Systems Architecture, 2019 - Elsevier | … In fact, hardware platform can force fundamental changes in the algorithm design. The survey  bears testimony that hardware-software co-design … We now review works that design and/or  deploy lightweight networks for achieving high performance on embedded systems such as …
CMOS-integrated memristive non-volatile computing-in-memory for AI edge processors | WH Chen, C Dou, KX Li, WY Lin, PY Li, JH Huang… - Nature …, 2019 - nature.com | … The key design features on the cell array, row driver and readout circuitry are discussed in  the following. … This could be used as a design guideline in optimizing the performance and  power of inference systems for different applications. Furthermore, this system-level test verified …
