The EuroSys 2020 online conference: Experience and lessons learned | A Bilas, D Kostic, K Magoutis, E Markatos… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … EuroSys community and internal discussions about potential options, eventually allowing  about three weeks for the organization. This paper describes the choices we made to organize  EuroSys’… and implementation choices we made to organize EuroSys’20 as a virtual (online) …
Reducing DRAM Footprint with NVM in Facebook (EuroSys' 18) | A Eisenman, D Gardner, I AbdelRahman, J Axboe… - nvmw.ucsd.edu | Modern key-value stores like RocksDB and LevelDB are highly dependent on DRAM, even  when using a persistent storage medium (eg flash) for storing data. Since DRAM is still about  1000× faster than flash, these systems typically leverage DRAM for caching hot indices and …
Parallelizing packet processing in container overlay networks. | J Lei, M Munikar, K Suo, H Lu, J Rao - EuroSys, 2021 - cs.binghamton.edu | Container networking, which provides connectivity among containers on multiple hosts, is  crucial to building and scaling container-based microservices. While overlay networks are  widely adopted in production systems, they cause signi cant performance degradation in both …
TraceSplitter: a new paradigm for downscaling traces. | SM Sajal, R Hasan, T Zhu, B Urgaonkar, S Sen - EuroSys, 2021 - sidsen.azurewebsites.net | Realistic experimentation is a key component of systems research and industry prototyping,  but experimental clusters are often too small to replay the high traffic rates found in production  traces. Thus, it is often necessary to downscale traces to lower their arrival rate, and …
A report on online participation in ACM EuroSys | K Kono - Computer Software, 2020 - keio.pure.elsevier.com | A report on online participation in ACM EuroSys — Keio University … A report on online  participation in ACM EuroSys … A report on online participation in ACM EuroSys. Computer  Software, 37(3), 21-24. https://doi.org/10.11309/jssst.…
ACM EuroSys オンライン参加報告 | 河野健二 - コンピュータソフトウェア, 2020 - jstage.jst.go.jp | … A report on online participation in ACM EuroSys. Kenji Kono, 慶應義塾大学理工学部情報 工学科, Dept. of Information and Computer … ． Student Best Paper, Best Paper だけではなく，  EuroSys では Test of Time Paper Award という賞が ある．これは EuroSys で発表された論文の中で，…
Towards Generation of Attack Trees using Machine Learning | KJ Sowka, M Cheah, T Doan… - 15th EuroSys …, 2021 - pureportal.coventry.ac.uk | A comprehensive cybersecurity evaluation of automotive on-board networks has become a  crucial antecedent to the commercial distribution of vehicles. However, the means to perform  the required testing are limited due to the black-box nature and complexity of automotive …
Optimizing Intel Data Direct I/O Technology for Multi-hundred-gigabit Networks | A Farshin, A Roozbeh, GQ Maguire Jr… - Fifteenth EuroSys …, 2020 - diva-portal.org | Digitalization across society is expected to produce a massive amount of data, leading to  the introduction of faster network interconnects. In addition, many Internet services require  high throughput and low latency. However, having only faster links does not guarantee …
Lambada: Interactive Data Analytics on Cold Data Using Serverless Cloud Infrastructure [Poster] | I Müller, R Marroquín, G Alonso - … Systems (EuroSys' …, 2020 - research-collection.ethz.ch | The massive, instantaneous parallelism of serverless functions has created a lot of excitement  for interactive batch applications. However, due to fundamental limitations of current  offerings, there was no consensus yet as to whether or not this architecture is suitable for data …
TAS: TCP acceleration as an OS service | A Kaufmann, T Stamler, S Peter, NK Sharma… - … the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | As datacenter network speeds rise, an increasing fraction of server CPU cycles is consumed  by TCP packet processing, in particular for remote procedure calls (RPCs). To free server  CPUs from this burden, various existing approaches have attempted to mitigate these …
Scalable rdma rpc on reliable connection with efficient resource sharing | Y Chen, Y Lu, J Shu - Proceedings of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | RDMA provides extremely low latency and high bandwidth to distributed systems.  Unfortunately, it fails to scale and suffers from performance degradation when transferring data  to an increasing number of targets on Reliable Connection (RC). We observe that the above …
Replayable execution optimized for page sharing for a managed runtime environment | KTA Wang, R Ho, P Wu - Proceedings of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | We present Replayable Execution, a system for improving the efficiency of Function-as-a-Service  (FaaS) frameworks. It takes advantage of standard kernel features to reduce memory usage  and accelerate cold startup speed without changes to the OS kernel, language runtimes…
On scalability and performance of permissioned blockchain systems | C Stathakopoulou - Proc. EuroSys Doctoral Workshop, 2018 - conferences.inf.ed.ac.uk | Blockchain systems have emerged as the backbone of the Bitcoin cryptocurrency. Even though  considerable research has been made towards Proof of Work based blockchain systems,  the scalability of systems based on Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT) protocols is still limited. …
A provider-friendly serverless framework for latency-critical applications | S Shillaker - 12th Eurosys Doctoral Workshop, 2018 - conferences.inf.ed.ac.uk | Serverless is an important step in the evolution of cloud computing. First virtualisation  enabled sharing a physical machine, then containers enabled sharing an operating system,  now serverless targets sharing a runtime. Serverless platforms allow users to build distributed …
Characterizing co-located datacenter workloads: An alibaba case study | Y Cheng, Z Chai, A Anwar - Proceedings of the 9th Asia-Pacific …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | To improve resource utilization and thereby reduce costs, leading cloud infrastructure operators  such as Google and Alibaba co-locate transient batch jobs with long-running, latency-sensitive  jobs [9, 18] on the same cluster. Workload co-location resembles hypervisorbased …
Blockchain landscape and ai renaissance: The bright path forward | HA Jacobsen, M Sadoghi, MH Tabatabaei… - Proceedings of the 19th …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Known for powering cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, blockchain is seen as a  disruptive technology capable of revolutionizing a wide variety of domains, ranging from  finance to governance, by offering superior security, reliability, and transparency founded upon …
Trusted Execution for High-Performance Computing | A Akram - Eurosys Doctoral Workshop, 2021 - ayazakram.com | High-performance computing (HPC) is moving away from traditional simulation and modeling  to large-scale computational problems involving large datasets. Sometimes this data can  be sensitive, provided by third parties to HPC centers or individual researchers, and raises …
LockDoc: Trace-based analysis of locking in the Linux kernel | A Lochmann, H Schirmeier, H Borghorst… - … the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | For fine-grained synchronization of application and kernel threads, the Linux kernel provides  a multitude of different locking mechanisms that are being used on various individually  locked data structures. Understanding which locks are required in which order for a particular …
Recipient of the 2021 Alumni Trailblazer Award | N Narula - 2021 - digitalcommons.imsa.edu | Dr. Narula is helping redefine the future of money by researching cryptocurrencies and  providing clarity on how digital currencies will transform our world. In short, she is a research  scientist, engineer, and currency futurist. Neha is director of research at the Digital Currency …
Why joanie can encrypt: Easy email encryption with easy key management | JS Koh, SM Bellovin, J Nieh - Proceedings of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Email privacy is of crucial importance. Existing email encryption approaches are  comprehensive but seldom used due to their complexity and inconvenience. We take a new  approach to simplify email encryption and improve its usability by implementing receiver-controlled …
I sent it: Where does slow data go to wait? | Y Im, P Rahimzadeh, B Shouse, S Park… - … the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Emerging applications like virtual reality (VR), augmented reality (AR), and 360-degree video  aim to exploit the unprecedentedly low latencies promised by technologies like the tactile  Internet and mobile 5G networks. Yet these promises are still unrealized. In order to fulfill them…
Medea scheduling of long running applications in shared production clusters | P Garefalakis, K Karanasos, P Pietzuch… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | The rise in popularity of machine learning, streaming, and latency-sensitive online applications  in shared production clusters has raised new challenges for cluster schedulers. To optimize  their performance and resilience, these applications require precise control of their …
Innovative Operating System Elements | O Schwahn - informatik.tu-darmstadt.de | Description This seminar deals with the design, implementation, and application of innovative  and stateof-the-art operating systems elements. We dive into the inner workings of modern  operating systems and explore different system designs, from micro-kernel systems like …
Optimus: an efficient dynamic resource scheduler for deep learning clusters | Y Peng, Y Bao, Y Chen, C Wu, C Guo - … of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Deep learning workloads are common in today's production clusters due to the proliferation of  deep learning driven AI services (eg, speech recognition, machine translation). A deep  learning training job is resource-intensive and time-consuming. Efficient resource scheduling is …
Subway: Minimizing data transfer during out-of-GPU-memory graph processing | AHN Sabet, Z Zhao, R Gupta - … of the Fifteenth European Conference on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | In many graph-based applications, the graphs tend to grow, imposing a great challenge for  GPU-based graph processing. When the graph size exceeds the device memory capacity (ie,  GPU memory oversubscription), the performance of graph processing often degrades …
Design of Distributed Network Mass Data Processing System based on Cloud Computing Technology | J Gong - 2021 5th International Conference on Trends in …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Due to the rapid increase in the amount of data that people need to deal with computing tasks,  such as distributed computing, cloud computing and other technologies are more and more  concerned by most people. In recent years, with people's attention to information security …
μlayer: Low latency on-device inference using cooperative single-layer acceleration and processor-friendly quantization | Y Kim, J Kim, D Chae, D Kim, J Kim - … of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Emerging mobile services heavily utilize Neural Networks (NNs) to improve user experiences.  Such NN-assisted services depend on fast NN execution for high responsiveness,  demanding mobile devices to minimize the NN execution latency by efficiently utilizing their …
Welcome to zombieland: practical and energy-efficient memory disaggregation in a datacenter | V Nitu, B Teabe, A Tchana, C Isci… - … of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | In this paper, we propose an effortless way for disaggregating the CPU-memory couple, two  of the most important resources in cloud computing. Instead of redesigning each resource  board, the disaggregation is done at the power supply domain level. In other words, CPU and …
Model-driven computational sprinting | N Morris, C Stewart, L Chen, R Birke… - … of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Computational sprinting speeds up query execution by increasing power usage for short bursts.  Sprinting policy decides when and how long to sprint. Poor policies inflate response time  significantly. We propose a model-driven approach that chooses between sprinting policies …
Parallax: Sparsity-aware Data Parallel Training of Deep Neural Networks | S Kim, GI Yu, H Park, S Cho, E Jeong, H Ha… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | The employment of high-performance servers and GPU accelerators for training deep neural  network models have greatly accelerated recent advances in deep learning (DL). DL  frameworks, such as TensorFlow, MXNet, and Caffe2, have emerged to assist DL researchers to …
Dstore: A fast, tailless, and quiescent-free object store for pmem | S Gugnani, X Lu - Proceedings of the 30th International Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | The advent of fast, byte-addressable persistent memory (PMEM) has fueled a renaissance in  re-evaluating storage system design. Unfortunately, prior work has been unable to provide  both consistent and fast performance because they rely on traditional cached or uncached …
Riffle: optimized shuffle service for large-scale data analytics | H Zhang, B Cho, E Seyfe, A Ching… - … of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | The rapidly growing size of data and complexity of analytics present new challenges for  large-scale data processing systems. Modern systems keep data partitions in memory for  pipelined operators, and persist data across stages with wide dependencies on disks for fault …
Shieldstore: Shielded in-memory key-value storage with sgx | T Kim, J Park, J Woo, S Jeon, J Huh - … of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The shielded computation of hardware-based trusted execution environments such as Intel  Software Guard Extensions (SGX) can provide secure cloud computing on remote systems  under untrusted privileged system software. However, hardware overheads for securing …
Dynamic control flow in large-scale machine learning | Y Yu, M Abadi, P Barham, E Brevdo… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Many recent machine learning models rely on fine-grained dynamic control flow for training  and inference. In particular, models based on recurrent neural networks and on reinforcement  learning depend on recurrence relations, data-dependent conditional execution, and other …
BDS: a centralized near-optimal overlay network for inter-datacenter data replication | Y Zhang, J Jiang, K Xu, X Nie, MJ Reed… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Many important cloud services require replicating massive data from one datacenter (DC) to  multiple DCs. While the performance of pair-wise inter-DC data transfers has been much  improved, prior solutions are insufficient to optimize bulk-data multicast, as they fail to explore …
G-miner: an efficient task-oriented graph mining system | H Chen, M Liu, Y Zhao, X Yan, D Yan… - … of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Graph mining is one of the most important areas in data mining. However, scalable solutions  for graph mining are still lacking as existing studies focus on sequential algorithms. While  many distributed graph processing systems have been proposed in recent years, most of them …
DRLPart: A Deep Reinforcement Learning Framework for Optimally Efficient and Robust Resource Partitioning on Commodity Servers | R Chen, J Wu, H Shi, Y Li, X Liu, G Wang - Proceedings of the 30th …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Workload consolidation is a commonly used approach for improving resource utilization of  commodity servers. However, colocated workloads often suffer from significant performance  degradations due to resource contention, which makes resource partitioning an important …
Pesos policy enhanced secure object store | R Krahn, B Trach, A Vahldiek-Oberwagner… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Third-party storage services pose the risk of integrity and confidentiality violations as the  current storage policy enforcement mechanisms are spread across many layers in the system  stack. To mitigate these security vulnerabilities, we present the design and implementation of …
Skybridge: Fast and secure inter-process communication for microkernels | Z Mi, D Li, Z Yang, X Wang, H Chen - … of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Microkernels have been extensively studied over decades. However, IPC (Inter-Process  Communication) is still a major factor of runtime overhead, where fine-grained isolation usually  leads to excessive IPCs. The main overhead of IPC comes from the involvement of the kernel…
Grandslam: Guaranteeing slas for jobs in microservices execution frameworks | RS Kannan, L Subramanian, A Raju, J Ahn… - … the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The microservice architecture has dramatically reduced user effort in adopting and maintaining  servers by providing a catalog of functions as services that can be used as building blocks  to construct applications. This has enabled datacenter operators to look at managing …
The case for in-network computing on demand | Y Tokusashi, HT Dang, F Pedone, R Soulé… - … the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Programmable network hardware can run services traditionally deployed on servers, resulting  in orders-of-magnitude improvements in performance. Yet, despite these performance  improvements, network operators remain skeptical of in-network computing. The conventional …
Turboflow: Information rich flow record generation on commodity switches | J Sonchack, AJ Aviv, E Keller, JM Smith - … of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Fine-grained traffic flow records enable many powerful applications, especially in combination  with telemetry systems that supports high coverage, ie, of every link and at all times.  Current solutions, however, make undesirable trade-offs between infrastructure cost and …
Compact NUMA-aware locks | D Dice, A Kogan - Proceedings of the Fourteenth EuroSys Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Modern multi-socket architectures exhibit non-uniform memory access (NUMA) behavior,  where access by a core to data cached locally on a socket is much faster than access to data  cached on a remote socket. Prior work offers several efficient NUMA-aware locks that exploit …
3sigma: distribution-based cluster scheduling for runtime uncertainty | JW Park, A Tumanov, A Jiang, MA Kozuch… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | The 3Sigma cluster scheduling system uses job runtime histories in a new way. Knowing  how long each job will execute enables a scheduler to more effectively pack jobs with  diverse time concerns (eg, deadline vs. the-sooner-the-better) and placement preferences on …
AITurbo: Unified Compute Allocation for Partial Predictable Training in Commodity Clusters | L Zhao, F Li, W Qu, K Zhan, Q Zhang - Proceedings of the 30th …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | As the scale and complexity of deep learning models continues to grow, model training is  becoming an expensive job and only a small number of well-financed organizations can  afford. Are the resources in commodity clusters well utilized for training? or how much potential …
Fast distributed deep learning over rdma | J Xue, Y Miao, C Chen, M Wu, L Zhang… - … of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Deep learning emerges as an important new resource-intensive workload and has been  successfully applied in computer vision, speech, natural language processing, and so on.  Distributed deep learning is becoming a necessity to cope with growing data and model sizes. Its …
Delta pointers: Buffer overflow checks without the checks | T Kroes, K Koning, E van der Kouwe, H Bos… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Despite decades of research, buffer overflows still rank among the most dangerous  vulnerabilities in unsafe languages such as C and C++. Compared to other memory corruption  vulnerabilities, buffer overflows are both common and typically easy to exploit. Yet, they have …
Parallax: Sparsity-aware data parallel training of deep neural networks | S Kim, GI Yu, H Park, S Cho, E Jeong, H Ha… - … the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The employment of high-performance servers and GPU accelerators for training deep neural  network models have greatly accelerated recent advances in deep learning (DL). DL  frameworks, such as TensorFlow, MXNet, and Caffe2, have emerged to assist DL researchers to …
Service fabric: a distributed platform for building microservices in the cloud | G Kakivaya, L Xun, R Hasha, SB Ahsan… - … the thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | We describe Service Fabric (SF), Microsoft's distributed platform for building, running, and  maintaining microservice applications in the cloud. SF has been running in production for 10+  years, powering many critical services at Microsoft. This paper outlines key design …
dcat: Dynamic cache management for efficient, performance-sensitive infrastructure-as-a-service | C Xu, K Rajamani, A Ferreira, W Felter… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | In the modern multi-tenant cloud, resource sharing increases utilization but causes  performance interference between tenants. More generally, performance isolation is also  relevant in any multi-workload scenario involving shared resources. Last level cache (LLC) on …
Low latency rnn inference with cellular batching | P Gao, L Yu, Y Wu, J Li - Proceedings of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Performing inference on pre-trained neural network models must meet the requirement of  low-latency, which is often at odds with achieving high throughput. Existing deep learning  systems use batching to improve throughput, which do not perform well when serving Recurrent …
DCAPS: dynamic cache allocation with partial sharing | Y Xiang, X Wang, Z Huang, Z Wang, Y Luo… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | In a multicore system, effective management of shared last level cache (LLC), such as  hardware/software cache partitioning, has attracted significant research attention. Some  eminent progress is that Intel introduced Cache Allocation Technology (CAT) to its commodity …
CoPart: Coordinated partitioning of last-level cache and memory bandwidth for fairness-aware workload consolidation on commodity servers | J Park, S Park, W Baek - Proceedings of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Workload consolidation is a widely-used technique to maximize server resource utilization  in cloud and datacenter computing. Recent commodity CPUs support last-level cache (LLC)  and memory bandwidth partitioning functionalities that can be used to ensure the fairness of …
Decoupling the control plane from program control flow for flexibility and performance in cloud computing | H Qu, O Mashayekhi, C Shah, P Levis - … of the thirteenth euroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Existing cloud computing control planes do not scale to more than a few hundred cores, while  frameworks without control planes scale but take seconds to reschedule a job. We propose  an asynchronous control plane for cloud computing systems, in which a central controller …
Pcatch: Automatically detecting performance cascading bugs in cloud systems | J Li, Y Chen, H Liu, S Lu, Y Zhang, HS Gunawi… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Distributed systems have become the backbone of modern clouds. Users often expect high  scalability and performance isolation from distributed systems. Unfortunately, a type of poor  software design, which we refer to as performance cascading bugs (PCbugs), can often cause …
Tricking Hardware into Efficiently Securing Software | K Koning - 2021 - koenk.net | This thesis would not have been possible without the support of family, friends and colleagues.  I am grateful to you all for giving me both a great environment to work and learn in, and for  helping me maintain my sanity during it all. Herbert, thank you for being a great supervisor, …
Improving the expressiveness of deep learning frameworks with recursion | E Jeong, JS Jeong, S Kim, GI Yu, BG Chun - … of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Recursive neural networks have widely been used by researchers to handle applications with  recursively or hierarchically structured data. However, embedded control flow deep learning  frameworks such as TensorFlow, Theano, Caffe2, and MXNet fail to efficiently represent …
Rock you like a hurricane: Taming skew in large scale analytics | L Bindschaedler, J Malicevic, N Schiper… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Current cluster computing frameworks suffer from load imbalance and limited parallelism  due to skewed data distributions, processing times, and machine speeds. We observe that  the underlying cause for these issues in current systems is that they partition work statically. …
Matrix algebra framework for portable, scalable and efficient query engines for RDF graphs | F Jamour, I Abdelaziz, Y Chen, P Kalnis - … of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Existing query engines for RDF graphs follow one of two design paradigms: relational or  graph-based. We explore sparse matrix algebra as a third paradigm and propose MAGiQ: a  framework for implementing SPARQL query engines that are portable on various hardware …
Flymc: Highly scalable testing of complex interleavings in distributed systems | JF Lukman, H Ke, CA Stuardo, RO Suminto… - … the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | We present a fast and scalable testing approach for datacenter/cloud systems such as  Cassandra, Hadoop, Spark, and ZooKeeper. The uniqueness of our approach is in its ability  to overcome the path/state-space explosion problem in testing workloads with complex …
Vstore: A data store for analytics on large videos | T Xu, LM Botelho, FX Lin - Proceedings of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | We present VStore, a data store for supporting fast, resource-efficient analytics over large  archival videos. VStore manages video ingestion, storage, retrieval, and consumption. It  controls video formats along the video data path. It is challenged by i) the huge combinatorial …
Binary Recompilation Via Dynamic Analysis and the Protection of Control and Data-flows Therein | J Nash - 2020 - search.proquest.com | Legacy binaries need to continue functioning even when no source code has been preserved, to  support the workflows of government and industry. The binaries often lack recent improvements  in compiler design and software engineering practices, causing them to be slower …
The consolidation of TARGET2 and TARGET2-Securities: How is the Eurosystem exploring synergies across its infrastructures, and how will this impact day-to-day … | D Martin, H Christoph… - Journal of Securities …, 2019 - ingentaconnect.com | … One year later the Eurosystem will be providing the Eurosys tem collateral management  system (ECMS) — a single system for the management of all eligible col lateral for monetary  policy operations. The current 19 different local systems used for that purpose will be replaced. …
Scheduling-context capabilities: A principled, light-weight operating-system mechanism for managing time | A Lyons, K McLeod, H Almatary, G Heiser - … of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Mixed-criticality systems (MCS) combine real-time components of different levels of criticality-ie  severity of failure-on the same processor, in order to obtain good resource utilisation. They  must be able to guarantee deadlines of highly-critical threads without any dependence on …
Invariants and Correctness of Asynchronous Distributed Systems | A Bieniusa - Tagungsband zum 21. Kolloquium …, 2021 - macau.uni-kiel.de | Collaborative applications such as shared documents, task lists, and calendars, are gaining  more and more importance. Since they are central to organizing work and private life, users  rely on their availability any place and any time. In particular, experiencing disconnectivity …
Libseal: Revealing service integrity violations using trusted execution | PL Aublin, F Kelbert, D O'Keeffe… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Users of online services such as messaging, code hosting and collaborative document editing  expect the services to uphold the integrity of their data. Despite providers' best efforts, data  corruption still occurs, but at present service integrity violations are excluded from SLAs. For …
Scale-out ccNUMA: Exploiting skew with strongly consistent caching | V Gavrielatos, A Katsarakis, A Joshi, N Oswald… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Today's cloud based online services are underpinned by distributed key-value stores (KVS).  Such KVS typically use a scale-out architecture, whereby the dataset is partitioned across a  pool of servers, each holding a chunk of the dataset in memory and being responsible for …
Solros a data-centric operating system architecture for heterogeneous computing | C Min, W Kang, M Kumar, S Kashyap, S Maass… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | We propose Solros---a new operating system architecture for heterogeneous systems that  comprises fast host processors, slow but massively parallel co-processors, and fast I/O devices.  A general consensus to fully drive such a hardware system is to have a tight integration …
Ursa: Hybrid block storage for cloud-scale virtual disks | H Li, Y Zhang, D Li, Z Zhang, S Liu, P Huang… - … the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | This paper presents URSA, a hybrid block store that provides virtual disks for various  applications to run efficiently on cloud VMs. Trace analysis shows that the I/O patterns served by  block storage have limited locality to exploit. Therefore, instead of using SSDs as a cache layer, …
Wormhole: A fast ordered index for in-memory data management | X Wu, F Ni, S Jiang - Proceedings of the Fourteenth EuroSys Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In-memory data management systems, such as key-value stores, have become an essential  infrastructure in today's big-data processing and cloud computing. They rely on efficient  index structures to access data. While unordered indexes, such as hash tables, can perform …
Hourglass: Leveraging transient resources for time-constrained graph processing in the cloud | P Joaquim, M Bravo, L Rodrigues… - … of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | This paper addresses the key problems that emerge when one attempts to use transient  resources to reduce the cost of running time-constrained jobs in the cloud. Previous works  fail to address these problems and are either not able to offer significant savings or miss …
Tap: an app framework for dynamically composable mobile systems | N AlDuaij, J Nieh - Proceedings of the 19th Annual International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | As smartphones and tablets have become ubiquitous, there is a growing demand for apps that  can enable users to collaboratively use multiple mobile systems. We present Tap, a framework  that makes it easy for users to dynamically compose collections of mobile systems and …
Fast and strongly-consistent per-item resilience in key-value stores | K Taranov, G Alonso, T Hoefler - Proceedings of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | In-memory key-value stores (KVSs) provide different forms of resilience through basic r-way  replication and complex erasure codes such as Reed-Solomon. Each storage scheme exhibits  different tradeoffs in terms of reliability and resources used (memory, network load, latency…
Declarative data serving: the future of machine learning inference on the edge | T Shaowang, N Jain, DD Matthews… - Proceedings of the VLDB …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Recent advances in computer architecture and networking have ushered in a new age of  edge computing, where computation is placed close to the point of data collection to facilitate  low-latency decision making. As the complexity of such deployments grow into networks of …
Using Triples as the Data Model for Blockchain Systems. | D Przytarski - BlockSW/CKG@ ISWC, 2019 - ceur-ws.org | Current permissioned blockchain systems utilize the keyvalue data model to store and query  the ledger. As the key-value pairs are not sufficiently expressive to represent relationships  between data, we present a proposal for the utilization of triples as the data model for …
Towards Sustainable Software Infrastructures for Data-Intensive Systems | G Fieni, R Rouvoy, L Seinturier - EuroDW 2018-12th EuroSys Doctoral …, 2018 - hal.inria.fr | Distributed environments are heavily used by nowadays data-intensive software systems to  process continuous flows of data produced by a large number of devices (smartphones, IoT,  cameras, etc.). While growing complexity, these distributed systems are required to mitigate …
Efficient and safe network updates with suffix causal consistency | S Liu, TA Benson, MK Reiter - Proceedings of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Though centrally managed by a controller, a software-defined network (SDN) can still encounter  routing inconsistencies among its switches due to the non-atomic updates to their forwarding  tables. In this paper, we propose a new method to rectify these inconsistencies that is …
Sysdig 2019 container usage report: New kubernetes and security insights | E Carter, F Hámori, SJ Vaughan-Nichols… - 2019 - webthesis.biblio.polito.it | … booktitle = {Proceedings of the European Conference on Computer Systems (EuroSys)}, …  booktitle = {SIGOPS European Conference on Computer Systems (EuroSys)}, …
DumbNet: A smart data center network fabric with dumb switches | Y Li, D Wei, X Chen, Z Song, R Wu, Y Li, X Jin… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Today's data center networks have already pushed many functions to hosts. A fundamental  question is how to divide functions between network and software. We present DumbNet, a  new data center network architecture with no state in switches. DumbNet switches have no …
RubberBand: cloud-based hyperparameter tuning | U Misra, R Liaw, L Dunlap, R Bhardwaj… - Proceedings of the …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Hyperparameter tuning is essential to achieving state-of-the-art accuracy in machine learning  (ML), but requires substantial compute resources to perform. Existing systems primarily focus  on effectively allocating resources for a hyperparameter tuning job under fixed resource …
Keeping master green at scale | S Ananthanarayanan, MS Ardekani… - … the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Giant monolithic source-code repositories are one of the fundamental pillars of the back end  infrastructure in large and fast-paced software companies. The sheer volume of everyday  code changes demands a reliable and efficient change management system with three …
Automating dependence-aware parallelization of machine learning training on distributed shared memory | J Wei, GA Gibson, PB Gibbons, EP Xing - … of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | ABSTRACT Machine learning (ML) training is commonly parallelized using data parallelism. A  fundamental limitation of data parallelism is that conflicting (concurrent) parameter accesses  during ML training usually diminishes or even negates the benefits provided by additional …
Flashabacus: a self-governing flash-based accelerator for low-power systems | J Zhang, M Jung - Proceedings of the Thirteenth EuroSys Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Energy efficiency and computing flexibility are some of the primary design constraints of  heterogeneous computing. In this paper, we present FlashAbacus, a data-processing  accelerator that self-governs heterogeneous kernel executions and data storage accesses by …
Efficient, consistent distributed computation with predictive treaties | T Magrino, J Liu, N Foster, J Gehrke… - … of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | To achieve good performance, modern applications often partition their state across multiple  geographically distributed nodes. While this approach reduces latency in the common  case, it can be challenging for programmers to use correctly, especially in applications that …
A Lightweight Framework for Fine-Grained Lifecycle Control of Android Applications | Y Shao, R Wang, X Chen, AM Azab… - … of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The lifecycle of Android apps is dynamically managed by the system in an ad hoc manner,  which leads to apps' abusing lifecycle entry points to automatically start up and gaming the  priority-based memory management mechanism to evade being killed. Such apps exhibit …
Enhancing security and privacy with in-network computing | IB Fink, K Wehrle - 2020 - datatracker.ietf.org | • Moghaddam et al.(2019)[4]: Use P4-based hardware switches to rewrite source addresses  and hide path information, eg, using randomization• Wang et al.(2020)[5]: Encrypt IPv4  addresses to obfuscate traffic on P4-based hardware switches→ Address performance and …
Tripoline: generalized incremental graph processing via graph triangle inequality | X Jiang, C Xu, X Yin, Z Zhao, R Gupta - Proceedings of the Sixteenth …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | For compute-intensive iterative queries over a streaming graph, it is critical to evaluate the  queries continuously and incrementally for best efficiency. However, the existing incremental  graph processing requires a priori knowledge of the query (eg, the source vertex of a vertex-…
Popular is cheaper: Curtailing memory costs in interactive analytics engines | M Ghosh, A Raina, L Xu, X Qian, I Gupta… - … of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | This paper targets the growing area of interactive data analytics engines. We present a  system called Getafix that intelligently decides replication levels and replica placement for  data segments, in a way that is responsive to changing popularity of data access by incoming …
Project almanac: A time-traveling solid-state drive | X Wang, Y Yuan, Y Zhou, CC Coats… - … of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Preserving the history of storage states is critical to ensuring system reliability and security.  It facilitates system functions such as debugging, data recovery, and forensics. Existing  software-based approaches like data journaling, logging, and backups not only introduce …
Tahoe: tree structure-aware high performance inference engine for decision tree ensemble on GPU | Z Xie, W Dong, J Liu, H Liu, D Li - Proceedings of the Sixteenth …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Decision trees are widely used and often assembled as a forest to boost prediction accuracy.  However, using decision trees for inference on GPU is challenging, because of irregular  memory access patterns and imbalance workloads across threads. This paper proposes Tahoe…
Grapple: A graph system for static finite-state property checking of large-scale systems code | Z Zuo, J Thorpe, Y Wang, Q Pan, S Lu, K Wang… - … the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Many real-world bugs in large-scale systems are related to object state that is supposed to  obey a specified finite state machine (FSM). They are triggered when unexpected events  occur on objects in certain states, making these objects transition in a way that violates their …
Accelerating critical OS services in virtualized systems with flexible micro-sliced cores | J Ahn, CH Park, T Heo, J Huh - Proceedings of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Consolidating multiple virtual machines into a single server has been widely adopted in  cloud computing to improve system utilization. However, the sharing of physical CPUs among  virtual machines in consolidated systems poses a new challenge in providing an illusion of …
Dagger: Optimistic Byzantine Fault-Tolerance without Rollback | H Lu, J Liu, P Li, G Yang, C Zang, J Chen… - Proceedings of the Ninth …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | The main issue that hinders the widespread deployment of blockchains is their low throughput  and high latency. This has revitalized the search for efficient Byzantine fault-tolerance (BFT)  protocols. However, existing BFT protocols either require two-phase voting or speculative …
Sage: Leveraging ml to diagnose unpredictable performance in cloud microservices | Y Gan, M Liang, S Dev, D Lo, C Delimitrou - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2021 - arxiv.org | … of the Fourteenth EuroSys Conference 2019, ser. EuroSys ’19. New York, NY, USA: Association  for Computing Machinery, 2019. … In Proceedings of the European Conference on Computer  Systems (EuroSys), Bordeaux, France, 2015. [102] Hailong Yang, Quan Chen, Moeiz Riaz…
Tableau: a high-throughput and predictable vm scheduler for high-density workloads | M Vanga, A Gujarati, BB Brandenburg - … of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | In the increasingly competitive public-cloud marketplace, improving the efficiency of data  centers is a major concern. One way to improve efficiency is to consolidate as many VMs onto  as few physical cores as possible, provided that performance expectations are not violated. …
A scalable ordering primitive for multicore machines | S Kashyap, C Min, K Kim, T Kim - Proceedings of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Timestamping is an essential building block for designing concurrency control mechanisms and  concurrent data structures. Various algorithms either employ physical timestamping, assuming  that they have access to synchronized clocks, or maintain a logical clock with the help …
Keynote-Best Practices for efficient Simulation-Aided Engineering | JC Maré - European Simulation Multiconference-Eurosys, 2020 - hal.archives-ouvertes.fr | … European Simulation Multiconference - Eurosys, Oct 2020, Toulouse, France. ⟨hal-02975542⟩ …
Experiences of landing machine learning onto market-scale mobile malware detection | L Gong, Z Li, F Qian, Z Zhang, QA Chen… - Proceedings of the …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | App markets, being crucial and critical for today's mobile ecosystem, have also become a  natural malware delivery channel since they actually" lend credibility" to malicious apps. In the  past decade, machine learning (ML) techniques have been explored for automated, robust …
Analytics with smart arrays: Adaptive and efficient language-independent data | I Psaroudakis, S Kaestle, M Grimmer… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | This paper introduces smart arrays, an abstraction for providing adaptive and efficient  language-independent data storage. Their smart functionalities include NUMA-aware data  placement across sockets and bit compression. We show how our single C++ implementation can …
A frugal approach to reduce RCU grace period overhead | A Prasad, K Gopinath - Proceedings of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Grace period computation is a core part of the Read-Copy-Update (RCU) synchronization  technique that determines the safe time to reclaim the deferred objects' memory. We first show  that the eager grace period computation employed in the Linux kernel is appropriate only for …
PaSh: light-touch data-parallel shell processing | N Vasilakis, K Kallas, K Mamouras… - Proceedings of the …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | This paper presents PaSh, a system for parallelizing POSIX shell scripts. Given a script, PaSh  converts it to a dataflow graph, performs a series of semantics-preserving program  transformations that expose parallelism, and then converts the dataflow graph back into a script---…
Hang doctor: runtime detection and diagnosis of soft hangs for smartphone apps | M Brocanelli, X Wang - Proceedings of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | A critical quality factor for smartphone apps is responsiveness, which indicates how fast an  app reacts to user actions. A soft hang occurs when the app's response time of handling a  certain user action is longer than a user-perceivable delay. Soft hangs can be caused by …
Dynamic scheduling for dynamic control flow in deep learning systems | J Wei, G Gibson, V Vasudevan, E Xing - URL http://www. cs. cmu. edu/jinlianw … - cs.cmu.edu | Today’s deep learning systems are dominated by a dataflow execution model. Given a static  dataflow graph and the shape of the input (eg, mini-batch sizes and image dimensions), the  system can fully determine its computation before execution. When the same static graph …
Monitoring Data Distribution and Exploitation in a Global-Scale Microservice Artefact Observatory | P Gkikopoulos, J Spillner, V Schiavoni - arXiv preprint arXiv:2006.01514, 2020 - arxiv.org | Reusable microservice artefacts are often deployed as black or grey boxes, with little  concern for their properties and quality, beyond a syntactical interface description. This leads  application developers to chaotic and opportunistic assumptions about how a composite …
Sinan: Data-Driven Resource Management forInteractive Microservices | Y Zhang, W Hua, Z Zhou, E Suh… - ML for Computer …, 2020 - par.nsf.gov | A. Machine Learning Models We initially designed Sinan’s ML model to only predict the end-to-end  latency tail distribution using a CNN, such that the scheduler can query the model with  potential resource allocations, and 1) choose the one that minimizes the required …
Sinan: Data-Driven Resource Management for Interactive Multi-tier Microservices | Y Zhang, W Hua, Z Zhou, E Suh… - Workshop on ML for …, 2020 - par.nsf.gov | A. Machine Learning Models We initially designed Sinan’s ML model to only predict the end-to-end  latency tail distribution using a CNN, such that the scheduler can query the model with  potential resource allocations, and 1) choose the one that minimizes the required …
Efficient and private federated learning using tee | F Mo, H Haddadi - Proc. EuroSys Conf., 2019 - 2019.eurosys.org | Background Federated Learning has received great attention since it enables edge devices  to collaboratively train shared or personal models while keeping the raw training data local [3].  However, recent works have demonstrated that private information can leak from …
File systems as processes | J Liu, AC Arpaci-Dusseau… - … {USENIX} Workshop on …, 2019 - usenix.org | We introduce file systems as processes (FSP), a storage architecture designed for modern  ultra-fast storage devices. By building a direct-access file system as a standalone user-level  process, FSP accelerates file system development velocity without compromising essential file …
Consensus protocols exploiting network programmability | HT Dang - 2019 - doc.rero.ch | Services rely on replication mechanisms to be available at all time. The service demanding  high availability is replicated on a set of machines called replicas. To maintain the consistency  of replicas, a consensus protocol such as Paxos or Raft is used to synchronize the replicas' …
MultiNyx: a multi-level abstraction framework for systematic analysis of hypervisors | P Fonseca, X Wang, A Krishnamurthy - … of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | MultiNyx is a new framework designed to systematically analyze modern virtual machine  monitors (VMMs), which rely on complex processor extensions to enhance their efficiency.  To achieve better scalability, MultiNyx introduces selective, multi-level symbolic execution: it …
A Review of Engines for Graph Storage and Mutations | S Firmli, D Chiadmi - International Conference Europe Middle East & North …, 2019 - Springer | With the continuous generation of big data, the need to structure a large amount of information  is increasingly becoming a vital factor in extracting useful insights from raw data. Some of  the technologies that emerged for this purpose are Graph Processing Systems that offer …
PreGC: Pre-migrating valid pages to relieve performance cliff of 3D solid-state drives: work-in-progress | Y Du, W Liu, R Wang, Y Zhou, J Xue - Proceedings of the International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In order to satisfy the increased concern on SSD performance, this paper studied GC  performance in the view of performance cliff and tail latency. At first, our preliminary experiments  figure out that increased page migrations is the root cause of performance cliff. Then, combined …
Time Protection in Operating Systems and Speaker Legitimacy Detection: Operating system-based protection from timing-based side-channel attacks; … | A Colyer - Queue, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Timing-based side-channel attacks are a particularly tricky class of attacks to deal with  because the very thing you’re often striving for can give you away. There are always more  creative new instances of attacks to be found, so you need a principled way of thinking about …
Scrub: online troubleshooting for large mission-critical applications | A Satish, T Shiou, C Zhang, K Elmeleegy… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the Thirteenth EuroSys Conference: Scrub: online troubleshooting for large  mission-critical applications … EuroSys ’18, April 23–26, 2018, Porto, Portugal © 2018  Association for Computing Machinery. ACM ISBN 978-1-4503-5584-1/18/04. . … In …
Brief announcement: MUSIC: multi-site entry consistencyfor geo-distributed services | B Balasubramanian, R Schlichting, P Zave - Proceedings of the 2018 …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Geo-distributed services that are executed across multiple sites at a global scale are  increasingly prevalent, and are at the core of the control plane tasked with managing the Virtual  Network Functions (VNFs) of next-generation network infrastructure. A key building block of any …
Research on blockchain evaluation methods under the classified protection of cybersecurity | ZHU Yan, Z Yi, W Di, QIN Bo-han, GUO Qian… - 工程科学 …, 2020 - cje.ustb.edu.cn | A blockchain is a cryptographic distributed database and network transaction accounting  system. In the current era of major technological changes, blockchain technology, with its  cryptographic structure, peer-to-peer (P2P) network, consensus mechanism, smart contract and …
Teaching rigorous distributed systems with efficient model checking | E Michael, D Woos, T Anderson, MD Ernst… - … the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Writing correct distributed systems code is difficult, especially for novice programmers. The  inherent asynchrony and need for fault-tolerance make errors almost inevitable. Industrial-strength  testing and model checking have been shown to be effective at uncovering bugs, but …
An experimental framework for improving the performance of BFT consensus for future permissioned blockchains | MK Sit, M Bravo, Z István - Proceedings of the 15th ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Permissioned Blockchains are increasingly considered in enterprise use-cases, many of  which do not require geo-distribution, or even disallow it due to legislation. Examples include  countrywide networks, such as Alastria, or those deployed using cloud-based platforms such …
TARGET Instant Payment Settlement: The Eurosystem's response to an evolving payments landscape | MB Jessé - Journal of Payments Strategy & Systems, 2018 - ingentaconnect.com | … This paper deals with the TARGET Instant Payment Settlement (TIPS) service, a Eurosystem  market infrastructure service that facilitates the immediate settlement of instant payments at  pan-European level using central bank money. The service stands to regenerate …
システム系バーチャル国際会議参加報告 | 品川高廣 - コンピュータソフトウェア, 2020 - jstage.jst.go.jp | … 3 EuroSys 2020 EuroSys は SOSP，OSDI に次ぐシステムソフト ウェア系のトップ カンファレンスである．2020 年は， ギリシャ・クレタ島北部にあるイラクリオンで開催さ れる予定で あった． … 図 2 EuroSys 2020 の Zoom 参加者数 (slack …
Computers do not make art, people do | A Hertzmann - Communications of the ACM, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … 27–30 EuroSys ’20: 15th EuroSys Conference 2020, Heraklion, Greece, Co-sponsored:  ACM/SIG, Contact: Markatos Evangelos, Email: markatos@ics.forth.gr …
Serving mobile apps: A slice at a time | K Bhardwaj, M Saunders, N Juneja… - … the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | End users wanting to do more and more with mobile apps has led to explosive growth in the  number of available apps. This has widened the gap between developers making apps  available and end users being able to install all the apps they want on their device. To address …
On-demand-fork: a microsecond fork for memory-intensive and latency-sensitive applications | K Zhao, S Gong, P Fonseca - … of the Sixteenth European Conference on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Fork has long been the process creation system call for Unix. At its inception, fork was hailed  as an efficient system call due to its use of copy-on-write on memory shared between parent  and child processes. However, application memory demand has increased drastically since …
Conclave: secure multi-party computation on big data | N Volgushev, M Schwarzkopf, B Getchell… - … the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the Fourteenth EuroSys Conference 2019: Conclave: secure multi-party  computation on big data … In: Proceedings of the 10th ACM European Conference on  Computer Systems (EuroSys). Bordeaux, France, Apr. 2015. … In: Proceedings of the 12th …
Achieving low tail-latency and high scalability for serializable transactions in edge computing | X Chen, H Song, J Jiang, C Ruan, C Li… - Proceedings of the …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | A distributed database utilizing the wide-spread edge computing servers to provide low-latency  data access with the serializability guarantee is highly desirable for emerging edge computing  applications. In an edge database, nodes are divided into regions, and a transaction …
A Deeper Dive into Pattern-Aware Subgraph Exploration with PEREGRINE | K Jamshidi, K Vora - ACM SIGOPS Operating Systems Review, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Graph mining workloads aim to extract structural properties of a graph by exploring its  subgraph structures. PEREGRINE is a general-purpose graph mining system that provides a  generic runtime to efficiently explore subgraph structures of interest and perform various graph …
Power sandbox: Power awareness redefined | L Guo, T Xu, M Xu, X Liu, FX Lin - Proceedings of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Many apps benefit from knowing their power consumption and adapting their behaviors on  the fly. To offer apps power knowledge at run time, an OS often meters system power and  divides it among apps. Since the impacts of concurrent apps on system power are entangled, …
When extended para-virtualization (XPV) meets NUMA | B Bui, D Mvondo, B Teabe, K Jiokeng, L Wapet… - … the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | This paper addresses the problem of efficiently virtualizing NUMA architectures. The major  challenge comes from the fact that the hypervisor regularly reconfigures the placement of a  virtual machine (VM) over the NUMA topology. However, neither guest operating systems (…
Reducing DRAM footprint with NVM in Facebook | A Eisenman, D Gardner, I AbdelRahman… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Popular SSD-based key-value stores consume a large amount of DRAM in order to provide  high-performance database operations. However, DRAM can be expensive for data center  providers, especially given recent global supply shortages that have resulted in increasing …
Food Allergens Monitoring System Backed-up by Blockchain Technology | R Miron, M Hulea, S Folea - 2020 IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In the near future, the evolution of technology will be able to offer a wide range of solutions  for healthcare specific to each individual. It will be possible to create miniaturized portable  medical instruments, of small size and cost, having functions of recognition for different “…
Fast recovery of correlated failures in distributed stream processing engines | L Su, Y Zhou - Proceedings of the 15th ACM International Conference …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | In a large-scale cluster, correlated failures usually involve a number of nodes failing  simultaneously. Although correlated failures occur infrequently, they have significant effect on  systems' availability, especially for streaming applications that require real-time analysis, as …
Smartphones, contents of the mind, and the fifth amendment | SB Wicker - Communications of the ACM, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … April 23–26 EuroSys ‘18: 13th EuroSys Conference 2018 Porto, Portugal, Sponsored:  ACM/SIG, Contact: Rui Oliveira, Email: rco@di.uminho.pt …
Vertex-Centric Visual Programming for Graph Neural Networks | Y Wu, Y Gui, T Jin, J Cheng, X Yan, P Yin… - Proceedings of the …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Graph neural networks (GNNs) have achieved remarkable performance in many graph  analytics tasks such as node classification, link prediction and graph clustering. Existing GNN  systems (eg, PyG and DGL) adopt a tensor-centric programming model and train GNNs with …
An environment for composable distributed computing | B Martin, L Prosperi, M Shapiro - EuroDW 2020-14th EuroSys …, 2020 - laurentprosperi.info | Modern applications are highly distributed and data-intensive. Programming a distributed  system is challenging because of asynchrony, failures and trade-offs. In addition, application  requirements vary with the use-case and throughout the development cycle. Moreover, …
The {CASE} of {FEMU}: Cheap, accurate, scalable and extensible flash emulator | H Li, M Hao, MH Tong, S Sundararaman… - … } Conference on File …, 2018 - usenix.org | We present FEMU, a QEMU-based flash emulator for fostering future full-stack software/hardware  SSD research, with the following four" CASE" benefits. FEMU is cheap ($0) as it will be an  open-sourced software; FEMU is relatively accurate, with only 0.5-38% variance from …
Performance Evaluation and Optimization of Journaling File Systems with Multicores and High-Performance Flash SSDs | H Han - The Journal of the Korea Contents Association, 2018 - koreascience.or.kr | Recently, demands for computer systems with multicore CPUs and high-performance flash-based  storage devices (ie, flash SSD) have rapidly grown in cloud computing, surer-computing,  and enterprise storage/database systems. Journaling file systems running on high-…
Characterizing and optimizing hotspot parallel garbage collection on multicore systems | K Suo, J Rao, H Jiang, W Srisa-an - … of the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | The proliferation of applications, frameworks, and services built on Java have led to an  ecosystem critically dependent on the underlying runtime system, the Java virtual machine (JVM).  However, many applications running on the JVM, eg, big data analytics, suffer from long …
Techniques to Protect Confidentiality and Integrity of Persistent and In-Memory Data | AL Vahldiek-Oberwagner - 2018 - publikationen.sulb.uni-saarland.de | Today computers store and analyze valuable and sensitive data. As a result we need to protect  this data against confidentiality and integrity violations that can result in the illicit release,  loss, or modification of a user’s and an organization’s sensitive data such as personal media …
Accessible near-storage computing with FPGAs | R Schmid, M Plauth, L Wenzel, F Eberhardt… - Proceedings of the …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Data transfers impose a major bottleneck in heterogenous system architectures. As a mitigation  strategy, compute resources can be introduced in places where data occurs naturally.  The increased diversity of compute resources in turn affects programming models and …
Morton filters: faster, space-efficient cuckoo filters via biasing, compression, and decoupled logical sparsity | AD Breslow, NS Jayasena - Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Approximate set membership data structures (ASMDSs) are ubiquitous in computing. They  trade a tunable, often small, error rate (ϵ) for large space savings. The canonical ASMDS is  the Bloom filter, which supports lookups and insertions but not deletions in its simplest form. …
Memory-Driven Computing | D Milojicic - sgu-ictrobotics.sci.waseda.ac.jp | Innovating far into the future Page 1 Memory-Driven Computing A vision for the future of  computing Dejan Milojicic, Distinguished Technologist Hewlett Packard Labs With contributions  with many, many people from HPE Page 2 2014 DNS Logging Trafodion Location Aware …
Make the most out of last level cache in intel processors | A Farshin, A Roozbeh, GQ Maguire Jr… - … of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In modern (Intel) processors, Last Level Cache (LLC) is divided into multiple slices and an  undocumented hashing algorithm (aka Complex Addressing) maps different parts of memory  address space among these slices to increase the effective memory bandwidth. After a …
SLO beyond the Hardware Isolation Limits | H Qiu, Y Chen, T Xu, ZT Kalbarczyk, RK Iyer - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2021 - arxiv.org | Performance isolation is a keystone for SLO guarantees with shared resources in cloud and  datacenter environments. To meet SLO requirements, the state of the art relies on hardware  QoS support (eg, Intel RDT) to allocate shared resources such as last-level caches and …
Self-stabilizing Byzantine Consensus for Blockchain | A Binun, S Dolev, T Hadad - … on Cyber Security Cryptography and Machine …, 2019 - Springer | Blockchain is designed to cope with Byzantine participants using proof of work or proof of  stake, see [ 2 , 14 – 16 , 19 ]. It is also designed to converge following potential disagreements  that lead to the creation of forks; in some sense such a convergence causes the eventual …
Grnn: Low-latency and scalable rnn inference on gpus | C Holmes, D Mawhirter, Y He, F Yan, B Wu - … of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) have gained significant attention due to their effectiveness  in modeling sequential data, such as text and voice signal. However, due to the complex  data dependencies and limited parallelism, current inference libraries for RNNs on GPUs …
Effective Scheduler for Distributed DNN Training Based on MapReduce and GPU Cluster | J Xu, J Wang, Q Qi, H Sun, J Liao, D Yang - Journal of Grid Computing, 2021 - Springer | Parallel training accelerates the Deep Neural Networks (DNN) training by parallel GPUs.  While the in-memory data transmission becomes the cross-node network transmission due  to distribution of GPUs on different nodes, which drags the training time. Most researches …
Active Learning from Unreliable Data | Z Zhao, S Cerf, R Birke, B Robu… - 13th EuroSys …, 2019 - hal.univ-grenoble-alpes.fr | Classification algorithms have been widely adopted in big recommendation systems, eg,  products, images and advertisements, under the common assumption that the data source is  clean, ie, features and labels are correctly set. However, data collected from the field can be …
NVM Allocator in Disaggregation Era | T Ma, MX Zhang, D He, K Chen, Y Wu - hedongbiao.com | Recently, a hot trending of rack-scale architecture named disaggregation was proposed to  strength the data center. In industry, Intel “RSD” and HP “the machine” will soon be available  as real-world DC resolutions. Some researches like Infiniswap [3] and Zombieland [4] aim to …
Funktional dedizierte Nutzung von Prozessorkernen zur Interferenzreduktion von Betriebssystemoperationen | J Schedel - 2018 - opus4.kobv.de | Ein Betriebssystem bietet seinen Benutzerinnen und Benutzern eine Umgebung, in der sie  Programme bequem und effizient ausführen können. Die Bereitstellung einer derartigen  Umgebung geht mit verschiedenen Kosten einher. Beispielsweise fallen Laufzeitkosten beim …
Healthcare Data Protection Based on Blockchain using Solidity | CD Parameswari, V Mandadi - 2020 Fourth World Conference …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In today's digital world, information is exchanged between systems and it is expected that each  interaction / transaction between the systems is secure and reliable. Block chain technology  can be applied to protect the security of healthcare data. It is important to have access …
Coalescent Computing | KC Hale - arXiv preprint arXiv:2104.07122, 2021 - arxiv.org | As computational infrastructure extends to the edge, it will increasingly offer the same fine-grained  resource provisioning mechanisms used in large-scale cloud datacenters, and advances in  low-latency, wireless networking technology will allow service providers to blur the …
Hardware-Assisted Dependable Systems | D Kuvaiskii - 2018 - homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk | Unpredictable hardware faults and software bugs lead to application crashes, incorrect  computations, unavailability of internet services, data losses, malfunctioning components, and  consequently financial losses or even death of people. In particular, faults in microprocessors (…
Toward efficient and protected address translation in memory management | X Dong - 2019 - search.proquest.com | Virtual memory is widely employed in most computer systems to make programming easy and  provide isolation among different applications. Since virtual-to-physical address translation  is on the critical path of every memory access, a lot of software and hardware techniques to …
Efficient and Programmable Machine Learning on Distributed Shared Memory via Static Analysis | J Wei, GA Gibson, EP Xing - training - mlsys.org | Distributed shared memory (DSM) offers superior performance for applications that perform  fine-grain reads and writes to inmemory variables, such as iterative machine learning (ML)  training, but presents a great challenge for application developers due to data dependency …
Lazy Shadowing-An Adaptive, Power-Aware, Resiliency Framework for Extreme Scale Computing | T Znati - 2019 - osti.gov | The inherent instability of extreme-scale computing systems puts into question the viability  of traditional fault-tolerance methods and calls for a reconsideration of the fault-tolerance  and power-awareness problem, at scale. This project explores a novel paradigm, Lazy …
Modern large-scale data management systems after 40 years of consensus | MJ Amiri, D Agrawal, A El Abbadi - 2020 IEEE 36th …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Modern large-scale data management systems utilize consensus protocols to provide fault  tolerance. Consensus protocols are extensively used in the distributed database infrastructure  of large enterprises such as Google, Amazon, and Facebook as well as permissioned …
A simple voting protocol on quantum blockchain | X Sun, Q Wang, P Kulicki, M Sopek - International Journal of Theoretical …, 2019 - Springer | This paper proposes a simple voting protocol based on Quantum Blockchain. Despite its  simplicity, our protocol satisfies the most important properties of secure voting protocols: is  anonymous, binding, non-reusable, verifiable, eligible, fair and self-tallying. The protocol could …
The cosmos big data platform at Microsoft: over a decade of progress and a decade to look forward | C Power, H Patel, A Jindal, J Leeka, B Jenkins… - Proceedings of the …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | The twenty-first century has been dominated by the need for large scale data processing,  marking the birth of big data platforms such as Cosmos. This paper describes the evolution  of the exabyte-scale Cosmos big data platform at Microsoft; our journey right from scale and …
Opportunities and Challenges for Resource Management and Machine Learning Clusters | LY Chen - Proceedings of the 12th IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The practice of collecting big performance data has changed how infrastructure providers  model and manage the system in the past decade. There is a methodology shift from domain-knowledge  based white-box models, eg, queueing [1] and simulation [2], to black-box data-…
Optimized Bug Reports for easy Detection of Locking Bugs using LockDoc | A Lochmann… - Technical report for …, 2018 - eldorado.tu-dortmund.de | LockDoc [3, 4] is a trace-based approach to automatically derive locking rules for data types in  operating systems. One outcome of LockDoc are reports of potential bugs–one for each  observed data type. Applying LockDoc on Linux revealed that those reports could be long and …
Hyperledger fabric: a distributed operating system for permissioned blockchains | E Androulaki, A Barger, V Bortnikov, C Cachin… - … the thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the Thirteenth EuroSys Conference: Hyperledger fabric: a distributed  operating system for permissioned blockchain … In EuroSys ’18: Thirteenth EuroSys  Conference 2018, April 23–26, 2018, Porto, Portugal. ACM, New York, NY, USA, 15 pages …
Low-latency job scheduling with preemption for the development of deep learning | H Yabuuchi, D Taniwaki, S Omura - 2019 {USENIX} Conference on …, 2019 - usenix.org | Efficient job scheduling of trial-and-error (TE) jobs is a challenging problem in deep learning  projects. Unfortunately, existing job schedulers to date do not feature well-balanced scheduling  for the mixture of TE and best-effort (BE) jobs, or they can handle the mixture in limited …
High-Throughput and Predictable VM Scheduling for High-Density Workloads | M Vanga - 2020 - kluedo.ub.uni-kl.de | In the increasingly competitive public-cloud marketplace, improving the efficiency of data  centers is a major concern. One way to improve efficiency is to consolidate as many VMs onto  as few physical cores as possible, provided that performance expectations are not violated. …
Learning about the reduction of food waste using blockchain technology | MP Marin, I Marin, L Vidu - arXiv preprint arXiv:2101.02026, 2021 - arxiv.org | Farmers need to be efficient and dedicate a lot of time in order to sustain the quality of their  animals which are in their care. The most convenient and good quality - price ratio should  be chosen for the feed of animals. Blockchain is used in a virtual space to store and share …
EvFS: user-level, event-driven file system for non-volatile memory | T Yoshimura, T Chiba, H Horii - 11th {USENIX} Workshop on Hot Topics …, 2019 - usenix.org | The extremely low latency of non-volatile memory (NVM) raises issues of latency in file systems.  In particular, user-kernel context switches caused by system calls and hardware interrupts  become a non-negligible performance penalty. A solution to this problem is using direct-…
To ship or not to (function) ship (extended version) | F Liu, N Kamat, S Blanas, A Nandi - arXiv preprint arXiv:1807.11149, 2018 - arxiv.org | Sampling is often used to reduce query latency for interactive big data analytics. The  established parallel data processing paradigm relies on function shipping, where a coordinator  dispatches queries to worker nodes and then collects the results. The commoditization of high-…
A trustable platform for exchange of resources across organizations and their customers | K Soni - Proceedings of the 20th International Middleware …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Collaborations across companies can improve revenue, productivity and customer relationship  building. Therefore, it could be desirable to allow customers to exchange digital resources  across organizations, eg to let customers collect and spend loyalty points across stores. In …
Accelerating large scale deep learning inference through DeepCPU at microsoft | M Zhang, S Rajbandari, W Wang, E Zheng… - … Learning (OpML 19), 2019 - usenix.org | The application of deep learning models presents significant improvement to many Microsoft  services and products. In this paper, we introduce our experience and methodology of  developing and applying the DeepCPU library for serving deep learning models in production at …
BlockHDFS: Blockchain-integrated Hadoop distributed file system for secure provenance traceability | V Mothukuri, SS Cheerla, RM Parizi, Q Zhang… - Blockchain: Research …, 2021 - Elsevier | Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) is one of the widely used distributed file systems in  big data analysis for frameworks such as Hadoop. HDFS allows one to manage large volumes  of data using low-cost commodity hardware. However, vulnerabilities in HDFS can be …
A query engine for zero-streaming cameras | M Xu, T Xu, Y Liu, X Liu, G Huang, FX Lin - Proceedings of the 26th …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Low-cost wireless cameras are growing rapidly. With the help of advanced machine learning  models (eg, CNNs), those videos exhibit high business and social values, eg, for retailing  planning [18], wildlife study [21], and traffic monitoring [19, 25]. However, with high compute …
seL4 in Australia: from research to real-world trustworthy systems | G Heiser, G Klein, J Andronick - Communications of the ACM, 2020 - dl.acm.org | APRIL 2020| VOL. 63| NO. 4| COMMUNICATIONS OF THE ACM 73 hot topics east asia &  oceania region not even manage physical memory; the kernel has no heap, and userlevel  managers must provide the kernel with memory to store metadata, such as page tables and …
Tolla: A user-isolating data management system | A Sharma - conferences.inf.ed.ac.uk | Privacy of our personal data stored in clouds is under constant threat. Data from our activities  online and even offline are being stored, processed and mined to generate valuable information  for commercial interests. While this is being done, the individuals have very little or no …
Energy trading systems on blockchain networks | JG Song, JW Jang - Trends in Computer Science and …, 2020 - peertechzpublications.com | Materials and methods We regard the energy trading systems on blockchain network based  on the previous works [10]. So we can see that the energy trading systems are depending on  a structure of the power transmission and distribution grid [11, 12]. As a result, we consider …
A Relational Network Framework for Interoperability in Distributed Energy Trading | S Karumba, SS Kanhere… - 2020 IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Blockchain-based approaches are increasingly being used to provide distributed trust and  security in Distributed Energy Trading (DET). However, the state-of-the-art solutions lack  scalability, privacy, interoperability, and often have large computational overheads hindering their …
Runtime object lifetime profiler for latency sensitive big data applications | R Bruno, D Patricio, J Simão, L Veiga… - … the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Latency sensitive services such as credit-card fraud detection and website targeted  advertisement rely on Big Data platforms which run on top of memory managed runtimes, such  as the Java Virtual Machine (JVM). These platforms, however, suffer from unpredictable and …
CS 636: Performance Analysis of Concurrent Programs | S Biswas - cse.iitk.ac.in | Mozilla developers implemented a procedure nsImage:: Draw for figure scaling, compositing,  and rendering, which is a waste for transparent figures. This problem did not catch developers’  attention until two years later when 1px* 1px transparent GIFs became general purpose …
Autonomic performance management of cloud server based on adaptive control method | X Shi, MS Shang, W Tian, A Khushnood… - 2018 IEEE 15th …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Cloud computing provides a promising approach for efficiently managing the performance of  servers via advanced resource management, hence it becomes one of the important hotspots  in high-performance computing field recently. For the existing performance management …
Reliability of Large Scale GPU Clusters for Deep Learning Workloads | J Qian, T Kim, M Jeon - Companion Proceedings of the Web Conference …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Recent advances on deep learning technologies have made GPU clusters popular as training  platforms. In this paper, we study reliability issues while focusing on training job failures  from analyzing logs collected from running deep learning workloads on a large-scale GPU …
Work-in-Progress: PreGC: Pre-migrating Valid Pages to Relieve Performance Cliff of 3D Solid-State Drives | Y Du, W Liu, R Wang, Y Zhou… - … Conference on Hardware …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In order to satisfy the increased concern on SSD performance, this paper studied GC  performance in the view of performance cliff and tail latency. At first, our preliminary experiments  figure out that increased page migrations is the root cause of performance cliff. Then, combined …
A Time Interval based Blockchain Model for Detection of Malicious Nodes in MANET Using Network Block Monitoring Node | VL Narayana… - … Conference on Inventive …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Mobile Ad Hoc Networks (MANETs) are infrastructure-less networks that are mainly used for  establishing communication during the situation where wired network fails. Security related  information collection is a fundamental part of the identification of attacks in Mobile Ad Hoc …
Per-application power delivery | A Guliani, MM Swift - Proceedings of the Fourteenth EuroSys Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Datacenter servers are often under-provisioned for peak power consumption due to the  substantial cost of providing power. When there is insufficient power for the workload, servers  can lower voltage and frequency levels to reduce consumption, but at the cost of performance. …
Автоматическая генерация реализации протоколов взаимодействия устройств во встраиваемых микроконтроллерных системах | ГВ Бойцов, АВ Петров, ВГ Шаров - Вестник Череповецкого …, 2018 - cyberleninka.ru | Авторы рассматривают разработанную программную среду, основанную на новом  подходе к генерации программных средств, обеспечивающих взаимодействие устройств  в распределенной микроконтроллерной среде. В основе предлагаемого подхода три …
Avocado: A Secure {In-Memory} Distributed Storage System | M Bailleu, D Giantsidi, V Gavrielatos… - 2021 USENIX Annual …, 2021 - usenix.org | We introduce Avocado, a secure in-memory distributed storage system that provides strong  security, fault-tolerance, consistency (linearizability) and performance for untrusted cloud  environments. Avocado achieves these properties based on TEEs, which, however, are …
Performance analysis of a hyperledger fabric blockchain framework: throughput, latency and scalability | M Kuzlu, M Pipattanasomporn… - 2019 IEEE …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Focusing on one of the most popular open source blockchain frameworks-Hyperledger Fabric,  this paper evaluates the impact of network workload on performance of a blockchain platform.  In particular, the performance of the Hyperledger Fabric platform is evaluated in terms of…
Towards Verified Binary Raising | J Hendrix, G Wei, S Winwood - … on Instruction Set …, 2019 - continuation.passing.style | We provide a high-level overview of two tools developed at Galois on generating verified LLVM  from binaries: reopt, a binary recompilation framework lifts portions of a binary into LLVM,  optimizes the LLVM, and then generates a new binary; and reopt-vcg is a standalone tool …
Afternoon Tutorial 2: Caches in the Modern Memory Hierarchy with Persistent Memory and Flash | I Ahmad, Y Vigfusson - 2019 - usenix.org | This tutorial is oriented toward administrators and developers who manage and use large-scale  storage systems. An important goal of the tutorial is to give the audience the foundation for  effectively comparing different storage system options, as well as a better understanding of …
A Study on I/O Performance in Highly Consolidated Container-Based Virtualized Environment on OverlayFS with Optimized Synchronization | N Mizusawa, Y Seki, J Tao… - 2020 14th International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Virtualization has been utilized for a variety of purposes, such as server consolidation for  saving many things like power consumption. A highly consolidated virtualized environment,  in which many containers run simultaneously on a physical computer, can save these things …
Straggler handling approaches in mapreduce framework: a comparative study. | AH Katrawi, R Abdullah, M Anbar… - International Journal of …, 2021 - core.ac.uk | The proliferation of information technology produces a huge amount of data called big data  that cannot be processed by traditional database systems. These Various types of data come  from different sources. However, stragglers are a major bottleneck in big data processing, …
A Low-Latency Multi-Version Key-Value Store Using B-Tree on an FPGA-CPU Platform | Y Ren, J Xie, Y Qiu, H Lv, W Yin, L Wang… - … Conference on Field …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In recent years, a variety of methods for low-latency key-value store (KVS), such as remote  direct memory access (RDMA), have been proposed. However, a majority of KVS systems do  not support to access and query data stored in multiple versions, making them inapplicable …
Bridging the GAP: towards approximate graph analytics | AP Iyer, A Panda, S Venkataraman… - Proceedings of the 1st …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | While there has been a tremendous interest in processing data that has an underlying graph  structure, existing distributed graph processing systems take several minutes or even hours  to execute popular graph algorithms. However, in several cases, providing an approximate …
Operator, number please: mediating access to shared resources for efficiency and isolation | MS Nanavati - 2019 - open.library.ubc.ca | Description The performance density of modern hardware has forced the sharing of hardware  resources across applications for better utilization and efficiency. Shared infrastructure,  however, weakens isolation and risks interference, which can result in degraded performance …
Deferred runtime pipelining for contentious multicore software transactions | S Mu, S Angel, D Shasha - Proceedings of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | DRP is a new concurrency control protocol for software transactional memory that achieves  high throughput, even for skewed workloads that exhibit high contention. DRP builds on  prior works that chop transactions into pieces to expose more concurrency opportunities, but …
A zero-positive learning approach for diagnosing software performance regressions | M Alam, J Gottschlich, N Tatbul, JS Turek… - Advances in Neural …, 2019 - papers.nips.cc | The field of machine programming (MP), the automation of the development of software, is  making notable research advances. This is, in part, due to the emergence of a wide range of  novel techniques in machine learning. In this paper, we apply MP to the automation of …
A Minor Survey on the Design and Correctness of Concurrent Programs | J DAVIS - 2018 - people.cs.vt.edu | Dealing with concurrency has been a major feature of computer science for decades, and it  remains a difficult problem. In this survey I studied seminal work in the development and  verification of concurrent software. Though theoretical, this work was less traditionally algorithmic …
Performance isolation for Hyperledger Fabric with CPU-Quota Customization | J Im, J Kim, K Lee, C Yoo - 한국정보과학회학술발표논문집, 2020 - dbpia.co.kr | Hyperledger Fabric is a popular blockchain framework that consists of components such as  Client, Peer and Ordering Service. In this paper, we isolate and measure how the resource  consumption and performance of Fabric components are affected by a noisy neighbor. Then, …
P4-intel: Bridging the gap between icf diagnosis and functionality | L Castanheira, A Schaeffer-Filho… - Proceedings of the 1st …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Data plane programmability promotes a new kind of computing paradigm in which parts of  an application's execution can be offloaded into the network. However, this in-network  compute functionality (iCF) adds an extra layer of management complexity for the tracing and …
The term structure of interest rates in a heterogeneous monetary union | J Costain, G Nuño, C Thomas - 2021 - galonuno.com | … The views expressed in this manuscript are those of the authors and do not necessarily  represent the views of Banco de España or the Eurosystem. The authors are grateful for helpful  comments from Ricardo Gimeno, Walker Ray, and Valery Charnavoki, and also from seminar …
Blokklánc alkalmazási lehetőségek a biztonság területén és bevezetés-tervezésük | I Kocsis - Scientia et Securitas, 2020 - akjournals.com | Összefoglalás. A blokklánc-technológiákat első sikeres alkalmazásuk, a kriptopénzek tették  híressé és hírhedté. Valódi jelentőségük azonban az általuk létrehozott új informatikai  rendszerkategóriában, az adatbázis jellegű, több résztvevő által közösen hitelesen tartott elosztott …
Towards Transient Resource Usage on Real-Time Stream Processing Systems | P Joaquim - conferences.inf.ed.ac.uk | Stream processing emerged as a key technology, with applications in many different areas.  These applications, regardless of their differences, have the common characteristic of continuous  processing, thus requiring the system to run on a 24/7 basis. For deployments in public …
Universal context propagation for distributed system instrumentation | J Mace, R Fonseca - Proceedings of the Thirteenth EuroSys Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Many tools for analyzing distributed systems propagate contexts along the execution paths of  requests, tasks, and jobs, in order to correlate events across process, component and machine  boundaries. There is a wide range of existing and proposed uses for these tools, which …
An automated, cross-layer instrumentation framework for diagnosing performance problems in distributed applications | E Ates, L Sturmann, M Toslali, O Krieger… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Diagnosing performance problems in distributed applications is extremely challenging. A  significant reason is that it is hard to know where to place instrumentation a priori to help  diagnose problems that may occur in the future. We present the vision of an automated …
Characterization and prediction of deep learning workloads in large-scale GPU datacenters | Q Hu, P Sun, S Yan, Y Wen, T Zhang - Proceedings of the International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Modern GPU datacenters are critical for delivering Deep Learning (DL) models and services  in both the research community and industry. When operating a datacenter, optimization of  resource scheduling and management can bring significant financial benefits. Achieving this …
Blockchain Based Log Management Service for Non-Modifiable | JJ Kim, YG Han, JY Byun - Proceedings of the Korea Information …, 2019 - koreascience.or.kr | 시스템을 안정적으로 운용하기 위해서는 신뢰성 기반의 로그관리시스템이 필요하다. 모든 이력 이 기록되는 로그의 위· 변조를 방지하기 위해 로그 정보를 블록체인 기술로 관리하여 어떠한  상황에서도 시스템 이력을 신뢰할 수 있는 서비스를 제안한다. Hyplerledger Fabric 을 사용하여 …
Evaluation of an InfiniBand Switch: Choose Latency or Bandwidth, but Not Both | MRS Katebzadeh, P Costa… - 2020 IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Today’s cloud datacenters feature a large number of concurrently executing applications with  diverse intradatacenter latency and bandwidth requirements. To remove the network as a  potential performance bottleneck, datacenter operators have begun deploying high-end HPC-…
Resource deflation: A new approach for transient resource reclamation | P Sharma, A Ali-Eldin, P Shenoy - … of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Data centers and clouds are increasingly offering low-cost computational resources in the  form of transient virtual machines. Whenever demand for computational resources exceeds  their availability, transient resources can reclaimed by preempting the transient VMs. …
Transforming assistive technologies from the ground up for people with vision impairments | SM Billah - 2019 - search.proquest.com | … CHI [59, 60, 95, 203], and 1 each in ACM EuroSys [62], ACM IUI [61], and ACM ASSETS [58]. …  The Sinter work was published in the European Conference on Computer Systems (EuroSys…  cross-platform remote access technology for blind users and is published in EuroSys 2016. …
Hybrid Model Parallel and All-Reduce on Distributed GPU Clusters | G Yun, S Lee, C Yi - gyeongchan-yun.github.io | As the size and complexity of Deep Neural Network (DNN) models have been increasing, a  variety of parallel techniques such as data parallelism, model parallelism, and hybrid  parallelism have been proposed. In this study, we focus on the communication behavior of the …
Reexamining direct cache access to optimize I/O intensive applications for multi-hundred-gigabit networks | A Farshin, A Roozbeh, GQ Maguire Jr… - 2020 {USENIX} Annual …, 2020 - usenix.org | Memory access is the major bottleneck in realizing multi-hundred-gigabit networks with  commodity hardware, hence it is essential to make good use of cache memory that is a  faster, but smaller memory closer to the processor. Our goal is to study the impact of cache …
Disaggregation and the application | S Angel, M Nanavati, S Sen - 12th {USENIX} Workshop on Hot Topics in …, 2020 - usenix.org | This paper examines disaggregated data center architectures from the perspective of the  applications that would run on these data centers, and challenges the abstractions that have  been proposed to date. In particular, we argue that operating systems for disaggregated data …
Tee-perf: A profiler for trusted execution environments | M Bailleu, D Dragoti, P Bhatotia… - 2019 49th Annual IEEE …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We introduce TEE-PERF, an architecture-and platform-independent performance measurement  tool for trusted execution environments (TEEs). More specifically, TEE-PERF supports  method-level profiling for unmodified multithreaded applications, without relying on any …
A Big Egyptian Pharmacy based on Blockchain System | DM El-Din - 2019 - researchgate.net | In recent years, there have been many problems in the import and export of medicines in Egypt.  Which led to the deaths of many people, especially children due to infant milk deficiency.  And the deterioration of the health status of a large number of chronic diseases due to lack …
HyperPubSub: Blockchain based Publish/Subscribe | G Bu, TSL Nguyen, MP Butucaru… - 2019 38th Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper we describe the architecture and the implementation of a broker based publish/subscribe  system where the broker role is played by a private blockchain, Hyperledger Fabric. We  show the effectiveness of our architecture by implementing and deploying a photo …
Cortex: A Compiler for Recursive Deep Learning Models | P Fegade, T Chen, PB Gibbons, TC Mowry - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | Optimizing deep learning models is generally performed in two steps: (i) high-level graph  optimizations such as kernel fusion and (ii) low level kernel optimizations such as those  found in vendor libraries. This approach often leaves significant performance on the table, …
Missing disinflation and missing inflation: A VAR perspective | E Bobeica, M Jarociński - 57th issue (March 2019) of the International …, 2019 - ijcb.org | In the immediate wake of the Great Recession we didn't see the disinflation that most models  predicted and, subsequently, we didn't see the inflation they predicted. We show that these  puzzles disappear in a vector autoregressive model that properly accounts for domestic and …
Scalable range locks for scalable address spaces and beyond | A Kogan, D Dice, S Issa - … of the Fifteenth European Conference on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Range locks are a synchronization construct designed to provide concurrent access to multiple  threads (or processes) to disjoint parts of a shared resource. Originally conceived in the file  system context, range locks are gaining increasing interest in the Linux kernel community …
The TRaCaR Ratio: Selecting the Right Storage Technology for Active Dataset-Serving Databases | F Romero, B Braun, D Cheriton - arXiv preprint arXiv:2006.14793, 2020 - arxiv.org | Main memory database systems aim to provide users with low latency and high throughput  access to data. Most data resides in secondary storage, which is limited by the access speed  of the technology. For hot content, data resides in DRAM, which has become increasingly …
A PROJECT ON SECURE CLOUD STORING AND SHARING OF BIG DATA USING DATA CHUNKS | L Saritha, KS Reddy - jrmat.com | Cloud storage is becoming booming field in the software technology. Cloud storage had made  possible to store large file for each enterprises and individual users. However, ancient file  systems with intensive optimizations for native disk-based storage backend can't absolutely …
TEE-aided write protection against privileged data tampering | L Zhao, M Mannan - arXiv preprint arXiv:1905.10723, 2019 - arxiv.org | … For Inuksuk’s adoptability in modern OSes, we have also ported Flicker (EuroSys 2008), a  defacto standard tool for in-OS privileged TEE … Isozaki, “Flicker: An execution infrastructure  for tcb minimization,” in European Conference on Computer Systems (EuroSys’08), Glasgow, …
PNOVA: Optimizing shared file I/O operations of NVM file system on manycore servers | JH Kim, J Kim, H Kang, CG Lee, S Park… - Proceedings of the 10th …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | NOVA is a state-of-the-art non-volatile memory file system that logs on a per-file basis to  ensure consistency. However, NOVA does not show scalability when multiple threads perform  I/Os to a single shared file on Manycore servers. We identified two problems: First, when …
Energy Management Systems and Smart Phones: A Systematic Literature Survey | Y Mansour, H Hammad, OA Waraga… - … and Informatics (CCCI …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Smartphones are a crucial necessity in people’s lives nowadays. Many smartphone hardware  components (ie, CPU, Wi-Fi, etc…) are in rapid development, improving their performance.  However, battery technology has not been able to keep up with this pace of development …
Service discovery for hyperledger fabric | Y Manevich, A Barger, Y Tock - … of the 12th ACM International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Hyperledger Fabric (HLF) is a modular and extensible permissioned blockchain platform  released to open-source and hosted by the Linux Foundation. The platform's design exhibits  principles required by enterprise grade business applications like supply-chains, financial …
Scaling large production clusters with partitioned synchronization | Y Feng, Z Liu, Y Zhao, T Jin, Y Wu, Y Zhang… - 2021 USENIX Annual …, 2021 - usenix.org | The scale of computer clusters has grown significantly in recent years. Today, a cluster may  have 100 thousand machines and execute billions of tasks, especially short tasks, each day.  As a result, the scheduler, which manages resource utilization in a cluster, also needs to be …
The evolution of blockchain virtual machine architecture towards an enterprise usage perspective | A Tara, K Ivkushkin, A Butean, H Turesson - Computer Science On-line …, 2019 - Springer | Virtualization in the context of blockchain systems represents an essential phase in the  development and migration of services from public chains to enterprise logic. Most of the ongoing  blockchain uses-cases are using the existing public ledgers, but for business products and …
Goten: GPU-outsourcing trusted execution of neural network training and prediction | LKL Ng, SSM Chow, APY Woo, DPH Wong, Y Zhao - 2019 - openreview.net | Before we saw worldwide collaborative efforts in training machine-learning models or  widespread deployments of prediction-as-a-service, we need to devise an efficient privacy-preserving  mechanism which guarantees the privacy of all stakeholders (data contributors, model …
Five ways not to fool yourself: designing experiments for understanding performance | T Harris - ACM SIGACT News, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Performance experiments are often used to show that a new system is better than an old  system, and to quantify how much faster it is, or how much more efficient it is in the use of some  resource. Frequently, these experiments come toward the end of a project and - at times - …
Stratus: Clouds with microarchitectural resource management | K Razavi, A Trivedi - 12th {USENIX} Workshop on Hot Topics in Cloud …, 2020 - usenix.org | The emerging next generation of cloud services like Granular and Serverless computing are  pushing the boundaries of the current cloud infrastructure. In order to meet the performance  objectives, researchers are now leveraging low-level hardware microarchitectural resources …
Preventing the propagation of a new kind of illegitimate apps | L Wapet, A Tchana, GS Tran, D Hagimont - Future Generation Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | A significant amount of apps submitted to mobile market places (MMP) are illegitimate, resulting  in a negative publicity for these MMPs. To our knowledge, all scanning solutions in this  domain only focus on the detection of illegitimate apps which mimic existing ones. However, …
Novel Framework for Elastic Resource Allocation in Mobile Cloud Computing | P Kannan, M Durairaj - academia.edu | Mobile cloud computing is an important emerging area where mobile users utilize services  such as Infrastructure, Software and Platform in an on-demand elastic manner. It provides  resources based on mobility, bandwidth, network coverage, cloudlet location and resource …
Formal description of use cases for industry 4.0 maintenance processes using blockchain technology | J Stodt, E Jastremskoj, C Reich… - 2019 10th IEEE …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Maintenance processes in Industry 4.0 applications try to achieve a high degree of quality to  reduce the downtime of machinery. The monitoring of executed maintenance activities is  challenging as in complex production setups, multiple stakeholders are involved. So, full …
Confllvm: A compiler for enforcing data confidentiality in low-level code | A Brahmakshatriya, P Kedia, DP McKee… - … the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | We present a compiler-based scheme to protect the confidentiality of sensitive data in low-level  applications (eg those written in C) in the presence of an active adversary. In our scheme,  the programmer marks sensitive data by lightweight annotations on the top-level definitions …
High-Performance Consensus Mechanisms for Blockchains | S Rüsch - 12th EuroSys Doctoral Workshop (EuroDW'18). Porto …, 2018 - ibr.cs.tu-bs.de | In recent years, the popularity of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum has increased  remarkably. Bitcoin is regarded as the first successful realization of a digital currency that  was widely adopted. The underlying concept is that of a blockchain: it consists of blocks …
Survey on Compromise-Defensive System Design | T Cerny, MJ Donahoo - International Conference on Information Science …, 2018 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 3rd ACM SIGOPS/EuroSys European conference on computer  systems 2008. … In: Proceedings of the 1st EuroSys workshop on virtualization technology  for dependable systems. VDTS ’09, New York, NY, USA, ACM, pp 1–6Google Scholar …
IrEne-viz: Visualizing Energy Consumption of Transformer Models | YK Lal, R Singh, H Trivedi, Q Cao… - Proceedings of the …, 2021 - aclanthology.org | IrEne is an energy prediction system that accurately predicts the interpretable inference  energy consumption of a wide range of Transformer-based NLP models. We present the  IrEne-viz tool, an online platform for visualizing and exploring energy consumption of various …
Alvin: A Strongly Consistent and Highly Scalable Geo-Distributed Transactional Software System | B Ravindran - 2019 - apps.dtic.mil | … Yellick, “Hyperledger Fabric: A distributed operating system for permissioned blockchains,”  in Proceedings of the Thirteenth EuroSys Conference, ser. … Rodrigues, “Chainreaction: a  causal+ consistent datastore based on chain replication,” in EuroSys 2013. …
Permissioned blockchain-based agriculture network in Rootnet Protocol | AC Saji, A Vijayan, AJ Sundar, LB Syla - International Conference on …, 2020 - Springer | The agriculture sector Saji, Amal C. has seen considerate changes in its framework and working  methodologies since Vijayan, Akshay its inception. Current trend in supply chain management  includes Sundar, Ann Jerin the Baby Syla, L. interception of prejudiced middlemen …
WiFi Direct Internetworking | H Paulino, JM Lourenço - conferences.inf.ed.ac.uk | We propose to interconnect mobile devices using WiFi-Direct. Having that, it will be possible  to interconnect multiple o-the-shelf mobile devices, via WiFi, but without any supportive  infrastructure. This will pave the way for mobile autonomous collaborative systems that can …
CSI: inferring mobile ABR video adaptation behavior under HTTPS and QUIC | S Xu, S Sen, ZM Mao - … of the Fifteenth European Conference on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Mobile video streaming services have widely adopted Adaptive Bitrate (ABR) streaming to  dynamically adapt the streaming quality to variable network conditions. A wide range of third-party  entities such as network providers and testing services need to understand such …
LinnOS: Predictability on unpredictable flash storage with a light neural network | M Hao, L Toksoz, N Li, EE Halim, H Hoffmann… - … on Operating Systems …, 2020 - usenix.org | This paper presents LinnOS, an operating system that leverages a light neural network for  inferring SSD performance at a very fine—per-IO—granularity and helps parallel storage  applications achieve performance predictability. LinnOS supports black-box devices and real …
{MapperX}: Adaptive Metadata Maintenance for Fast Crash Recovery of {DM-Cache} Based Hybrid Storage Devices | L Yin, L Wang, Y Zhang, Y Peng - 2021 USENIX Annual Technical …, 2021 - usenix.org | DM-cache is a component of the device mapper of Linux kernel, which has been widely used  to map SSDs and HDDs onto higher-level virtual block devices that take fast SSDs as a cache  for slow HDDs to achieve high I/O performance at low monetary cost. While enjoying the …
Honeypots for Automatic Network-Level Industrial Control System Security | S Maesschalck, V Giotsas, B Green… - 14th EuroSys Doctoral …, 2020 - eprints.lancs.ac.uk | The proposed doctoral work investigates a new approach to implement, deploy and manage  honeypots for Industrial Control Systems (ICS). Our goal is to address unique challenges  of ICS security in terms of interactivity, resource utilization, timeliness of detection and …
Blockchain System Prototype for the Tasks of Metallurgical and Machine-Building Enterprises | DA Snegireva - 2021 International Conference on Quality …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Blockchain technology is increasingly being applied in various fields. The correct use of this  technology makes it possible to ensure the transparency of transactions, accounting of goods  at enterprises, the truthful issuance of diplomas, and much more. Industry and metallurgy …
Multiverse: Compiler-Assisted Management of Dynamic Variability in Low-Level System Software | F Rommel, C Dietrich, M Rodin… - … of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | ABSTRACT System software, such as the Linux kernel, typically provides a high degree of  versatility by means of static and dynamic variability. While static variability can be completely  resolved at compile time, dynamic variation points come at a cost arising from extra tests and …
BLOCK CHAIN: FROM BLOCK TO CHAINS | J Kaur - New Paradigm in Business & Education, 2020 - researchgate.net | This chapter is based upon the basic working of block chain. It’s an attempt to find out why  this technology has been developed, what is the role of financial intermediaries for the  development of a journey from blocks to block chain. This technology has been emerged as …
Kollaps: decentralized and dynamic topology emulation | P Gouveia, J Neves, C Segarra, L Liechti… - Proceedings of the …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | The performance and behavior of large-scale distributed applications is highly influenced by  network properties such as latency, bandwidth, packet loss, and jitter. For instance, an  engineer might need to answer questions such as: What is the impact of an increase in network …
Circumventing Millisecond Tail Latency Induced by CPU Contentions in the Cloud | M Wang - 2020 - newtraell.cs.uchicago.edu | It’s important for distributed storage systems to provide stable and low-latency services,  since a slow response can be detrimental to the whole user experience. However, in modern  storage deployments, resource sharing is a defacto configuration, and the resulting resource …
Minicursos do XXXVII Simpósio Brasileiro de Redes de Computadores e Sistemas Distribuídos | AE Schaeffer Filho, WL da Costa Cordeiro… - 2019 - sol.sbc.org.br | No primeiro capítulo, intitulado “Segurança na Internet do Futuro: Provendo Confiança  Distribuída através de Correntes de Blocos na Virtualização de Funções de Rede” os autores  discutem os principais fundamentos de corrente de blocos (blockchain), e relacionam estes …
ПРИЛОЖЕНИЕ НА БЛОКЧЕЙН ТЕХНОЛОГИЯТА ПРИ ПРОЕКТИРАНЕ НА СТРАТЕГИЧЕСКИТЕ ЦЕЛИ НА СТОПАНСКАТА ОРГАНИЗАЦИЯ Въведение | РГ Гигов - UKRAINE, BULGARIA, EU: ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL …, 2021 - nubip.edu.ua | Блокчейн технологията се припознава предимно с появата на криптовалутите, но  проследявайки нейното развитие, се отличават две основни посоки на усъвършенстване,  а именно: приложение във финансовите операции; използване в областта на Веригите …
Are You Sure You Want to Use MMAP in Your Database Management System? | A Crotty, V Leis, A Pavlo - 2022 - cidrdb.org | Memory-mapped (mmap) file I/O is an OS-provided feature that maps the contents of a file  on secondary storage into a program’s address space. The program then accesses pages  via pointers as if the file resided entirely in memory. The OS transparently loads pages only …
Automated Debugging and Optimization | A Jindal - abhilash-jindal.com | My research vision is to automate the “creative” task of debugging and optimization–the task  of finding bugs (or performance bottlenecks) in a software and making modifications to fix  the software bugs (or improve software performance). To this end, I study program analysis …
FastTran: Improving Performance of Fine-tuning in Transformer Models | A Bhat, RK Sharma, K Klassy - 2020 - rohit--sharma.github.io | In recent years, Transformer models have been widely used for various Natural Language  Processing tasks and have achieved state-of-the-art accuracy. However, these models are  computationally expensive and require a lot of time even for fine-tuning. In this work, we use …
Review of Modern Vulnerabilities in Blockchain Systems | DA Snegireva - 2021 International Conference on Quality …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Blockchain technology has recently entered the life of a modern person. This technology is quite  young. It is developing very rapidly. More and more industries are adopting this technology.  However, technical regulation procedures lag behind the development of the technology …
Application of Blockchain Technology in Credit Management for Credit Bank System | G Zou, Y Xue - Proceedings of the 2020 4th International Conference …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Credit bank provides learning channels and direction for growing talents, but the current  centralized management form of credit bank is not conducive to the management of learning  results. The blockchain technology can solve the problem of credit management in credit bank …
Wide-area analytics with multiple resources | CC Hung, G Ananthanarayanan, L Golubchik… - … the Thirteenth EuroSys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Running data-parallel jobs across geo-distributed sites has emerged as a promising direction  due to the growing need for geo-distributed cluster deployment. A key difference between  geo-distributed and intra-cluster jobs is the heterogeneous (and often constrained) nature of …
A transactive grid with microgrids using blockchain for the energy Internet | I Dimobi, M Pipattanasomporn… - 2020 IEEE Power & …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The changing nature of the energy grid has prompted innovative solutions to incoming  challenges. In a distribution system with microgrids, residents with distributed energy resources  (DERs) and interactive devices can interact with one another and the grid to exchange energy. …
Putting Distributed Ledgers Together | A Fernández Anta, C Georgiou… - The 2nd Workshop …, 2018 - dspace.networks.imdea.org | Blockchain systems, cryptocurrencies, and distributed ledger technology (DLT) in general,  44 are becoming very popular and are expected to have a high impact in multiple aspects  45 of our everyday life. In fact, there is a growing number of applications that use DLT to 46 …
Recent Trends in Resource Disaggregation for Datacenters | J Eo, BG Chun - 한국정보과학회학술발표논문집, 2018 - dbpia.co.kr | Datacenter workloads are getting ever more data-intensive, and the amount of data processed  per day now reaches petabytes. Since resource requirements vary among workloads,  maintaining traditional server unit based co-located resources with the right balance of CPU, …
Software Source Code Vulnerability Detection Based on CNN-GAP Interpretability Model | W Jian, K Hongyu, LI Ruilin, SU Yunfei - 电子与信息学报, 2021 - jeit.ac.cn | Source code vulnerability detection is an important method to ensure the security of software  system. In recent years, a variety of deep learning models are applied to source code  vulnerability detection, which greatly improves the efficiency of vulnerability detection. However, …
Questioning a new intellectual property right for press publishers | P Samuelson - Communications of the ACM, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … March 25–28 EuroSys ‘19: 14th EuroSys Conference 2019, Dresden, Germany,  Sponsored: ACM/SIG, Contact: Christof Fetzer, Email: cf2@inf.tu-dresden.de …
FlowGraph: distributed temporal pattern detection over dynamically evolving graphs | HN Chaudhry - Proceedings of the 13th ACM international conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Temporally evolving graphs are an indispensable requisite of modern-day big data processing  pipelines. Existing graph processing systems mostly focus on static graphs and lack the  essential support for pattern detection and event processing in graph-shaped data. On the …
Science-Driven Data Management for Multi-Tiered Storage | CG Maltzahn - 2020 - osti.gov | Scientific discovery at the exascale will not be possible without significant new research in  the management, storage and retrieval over the long lifespan of the extreme amounts of data  that will be produced. Our thesis is that adding application level knowledge about data to …
AnDrone: Virtual drone computing in the cloud | A Van't Hof, J Nieh - Proceedings of the Fourteenth EuroSys Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | With the continued proliferation of drones, unmanned aerial vehicles, additional uses for them  are growing and the demand for their services is on the rise. We present AnDrone, a  drone-as-a-service solution that makes drones accessible in the cloud. AnDrone pairs a cloud …
Bigdl: A distributed deep learning framework for big data | JJ Dai, Y Wang, X Qiu, D Ding, Y Zhang… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | ThispaperpresentsBigDL (adistributeddeeplearning framework for Apache Spark), which  has been used by a variety of users in the industry for building deep learning applications  on production big data platforms. It allows deep learning applications to run on the Apache …
Role-based automatic programming framework for interworking a drone and wireless sensor networks | H Min, J Jung, S Kim, B Kim, J Heo - Proceedings of the 33rd Annual …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Wireless sensor networks extends their applications as related technologies are developed.  Macro-programming is a centralized approach to sensor network programming and well-performed  simple applications. However, as wireless sensor networks work with external …
Resource Isolation in Terms of Power and Energy Consumption | M Ott - cs.fau.de | The benefits of power-aware applications are generally recognized. By adapting to the current  power consumption, apps are able to optimize their runtime behavior. Today, operating  systems provide interfaces for apps to query such information, however, those approaches …
AdaptiveConfig: Run-time configuration of cluster schedulers for cloud short-running jobs | R Han, Z Zong, LY Chen, S Wang… - 2018 IEEE 38th …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Stoica, “Choosy: Max-min fair sharing for datacenter jobs with constraints,” in EuroSys’13. …  Wilkes, “Omega: flexible, scalable schedulers for large compute clusters,” in EuroSys’13.  ACM… Fonseca, “Jockey: guaranteed job latency in data parallel clusters,” in EuroSys’12. ACM, …
The design of a mobile number portability system on a permissioned private blockchain platform | D Krishnaswamy, K Chauhan… - … on Blockchain and …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper discusses the design of a mobile number portability processing system in the  telecom domain with a solution proposed using permissioned private blockchain technology.  As a first step, the system is designed to be managed by a neutral entity. Subsequently, the …
An empirical guide to the behavior and use of scalable persistent memory | J Yang, J Kim, M Hoseinzadeh, J Izraelevitz… - … } Conference on File …, 2020 - usenix.org | After nearly a decade of anticipation, scalable nonvolatile memory DIMMs are finally  commercially available with the release of Intel’s Optane DIMM. This new nonvolatile DIMM  supports byte-granularity accesses with access times on the order of DRAM, while also providing …
Redy: Remote dynamic memory cache | Q Zhang, PA Bernstein, DS Berger… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2021 - arxiv.org | Redy is a cloud service that provides high performance caches using RDMA-accessible  remote memory. An application can customize the performance of each cache with a service  level objective (SLO) for latency and throughput. By using remote memory, it can leverage …
CPpf: a prefetch aware LLC partitioning approach | J Xiao, AD Pimentel, X Liu - … of the 48th International Conference on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Hardware cache prefetching is deployed in modern multicore processors to reduce memory  latencies, addressing the memory wall problem. However, it tends to increase the Last Level  Cache (LLC) contention among applications in multiprogrammed workloads, leading to a …
Application performance prediction and optimization under cache allocation technology | Y Kim, A More, E Shriver… - 2019 Design, Automation & …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Many applications running on high-performance computing systems share limited resources  such as the last-level cache, often resulting in lower performance. Intel recently introduced  a new control mechanism, called cache allocation technology (CAT), which controls the …
Distributed IoT attestation via blockchain | IR Jenkins, SW Smith - 2020 20th IEEE/ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We propose a novel attestation architecture for the Internet of Things (IoT). Our distributed  attestation network (DAN) utilizes blockchain technology to store and share device information.  We present the design of this new attestation architecture as well as a prototype system …
Making multivariant programming practical and inexpensive | M Franz - IEEE Security & Privacy, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Since it was first proposed in 1978, n-version programming (NVP) has been a mainstay  technique for obtaining fault tolerance in high-reliability software. Although subsequent research  on NVP has indicated that coincident failures across different versions can be more common …
Learning scheduling algorithms for data processing clusters | H Mao, M Schwarzkopf, SB Venkatakrishnan… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Efficiently scheduling data processing jobs on distributed compute clusters requires complex  algorithms. Current systems use simple, generalized heuristics and ignore workload  characteristics, since developing and tuning a scheduling policy for each workload is infeasible. In …
Comparison of platforms for recommender algorithm on large datasets | C Diedhiou, B Carpenter, R Esmeli - 2018 Imperial College …, 2019 - drops.dagstuhl.de | One of the challenges our society faces is the ever increasing amount of data. Among existing  platforms that address the system requirements, Hadoop is a framework widely used to  store and analyze" big data". On the human side, one of the aids to finding the things people …
Target risks without Euro exits | C Fuest, HW Sinn - CESifo Forum, 2018 - econstor.eu | … The Bundesbank’s Target claims result from the granting of credit through the Eurosystem  to other central banks, which is implied by the rules of the Eurosystem. Therefore, it is not only  right, but also necessary in terms of properly informing the public, to speak of ‘Target credit’ …
Distributing trust with blockchains | C Cachin - Retrieved March, 2018 - indico.cern.ch | … Eurosys 2018. [AGK+15] P.-L. Aublin, R. … ‣ Architecture of V1 – Eurosys 2018, https://doi.org/10.1145/3190508.3190538 …
Towards enabling novel edge-enabled applications | J Leitão, PÁ Costa, MC Gomes, N Preguiça - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | Edge computing has emerged as a distributed computing paradigm to overcome practical  scalability limits of cloud computing. The main principle of edge computing is to leverage on  computational resources outside of the cloud for performing computations closer to data …
Mitigating trust issues in electric vehicle charging using a blockchain | C Gorenflo, L Golab, S Keshav - Proceedings of the Tenth ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Energy systems are rapidly becoming decentralized due to advances in distributed renewable  generation, storage technologies, and electric vehicles (EVs). One consequence of  decentralization is the loss of a central trusted party. There is, therefore, a need for a solution that …
Hardware Error Analysis and Severity Characterization in Linux-Based Server Systems | N Georgoulopoulos, A Hatzopoulos… - … of Computer and …, 2021 - publications.waset.org | Current server systems are responsible for critical applications that run in different infrastructures,  such as the cloud, physical machines, and virtual machines. A common challenge that  these systems face are the various hardware faults that may occur due to the high load, …
A Case for Sampling Based Learning Techniques in Coflow Scheduling | A Jajoo, YC Hu, X Lin - arXiv preprint arXiv:2108.11255, 2021 - arxiv.org | Coflow scheduling improves data-intensive application performance by improving their  networking performance. State-of-the-art online coflow schedulers in essence approximate  the classic Shortest-Job-First (SJF) scheduling by learning the coflow size online. In particular, …
Blockchain-based supply chain for postage stamps | Y Yanovich, I Shiyanov, T Myaldzin, I Prokhorov… - Informatics, 2018 - mdpi.com | Counterfeit and unaccounted postage stamps used on mailings cost postal administrations  a significant amount of money each year. Corporate and individual clients become victim to  stamp fraud and incur losses when security teams investigate such mailings. The blockchain …
Cars: A multi-layer conflict-aware request scheduler for nvme ssds | T Yang, P Huang, W Zhang, H Wu… - 2019 Design, Automation …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | NVMe SSDs are nowadays widely deployed in various computing platforms due to its high  performance and low power consumption, especially in data centers to support modern  latency-sensitive applications. NVMe SSDs improve on SATA and SAS interfaced SSDs by …
Konsum und Finanzen in der sozioökonomischen Bildung | A Oberrauch, C Fridrich - researchgate.net | … Eine weitere Maßnahme des Eurosystems ist das „Expanded Asset Purchase Programme”  (APP): „Zwischen März 2015 und Dezember 2018 … Insgesamt erwarb das Eurosystem  Wertpapiere im Ausmaß von 2 600 Mrd. EUR. Im Dezember 2018 endete der Nettoneuerwerb. …
Groβe Summe–groβes Problem? Warum die Debatte um die Target-Salden so hitzig ist | A Winkler - Wirtschaftsdienst, 2018 - Springer | … Seit August 2007 kreiert das Eurosystem – also die EZB und die NZB – jedoch  Überschussreserven durch entsprechende Aktivgeschäfte. Diese Änderung der Geldpolitik, die  in praktisch allen westlichen Ländern ähnlich vorgenommen wurde, reflektiert die Ausübung der …
Llama: A Heterogeneous & Serverless Framework for Auto-Tuning Video Analytics Pipelines | F Romero, M Zhao, NJ Yadwadkar… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2021 - arxiv.org | The proliferation of camera-enabled devices and large video repositories has given rise to a  diverse set of video analytics applications. The video pipelines for these applications are  DAGs of operations that transform videos, process extracted metadata, and answer questions …
Performance overhead of container orchestration frameworks for management of multi-tenant database deployments | E Truyen, D Van Landuyt, B Lagaisse… - Proceedings of the 34th …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The most preferred approach in the literature on service-level objectives for multi-tenant  databases is to group tenants according to their SLA class in separate database processes  and find optimal co-placement of tenants across a cluster of nodes. To implement performance …
Betriebssysteme (BS) | V Sieh, D Lohmann - cs.fau.de | … In: Proceedings of the ACM SIGOPS/EuroSys European Conference on Computer Systems  2006 (EuroSys ’06). (Leuven, Belgium). Hrsg. … In: Proceedings of the ACM SIGOPS/EuroSys  European Conference on Computer Systems 2011 (EuroSys ’11). (Salzburg, Austria). Hrsg. …
Dryadic: Flexible and Fast Graph Pattern Matching at Scale | D Mawhirter, S Reinehr, W Han, N Fields… - 2021 30th …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Graph pattern matching searches a data graph for all instances of one or more query patterns.  Since it is one of the most fundamental problems in graph analytics, many graph pattern  matching systems have been proposed with distinct features to provide a mix of flexibility and …
Twig: Multi-agent task management for colocated latency-critical cloud services | R Nishtala, V Petrucci, P Carpenter… - … Symposium on High …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Many of the important services running on data centres are latency-critical, time-varying,  and demand strict user satisfaction. Stringent tail-latency targets for colocated services and  increasing system complexity make it challenging to reduce the power consumption of data …
Dbos: A proposal for a data-centric operating system | M Cafarella, D DeWitt, V Gadepally, J Kepner… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | Current operating systems are complex systems that were designed before today's  computing environments. This makes it difficult for them to meet the scalability, heterogeneity,  availability, and security challenges in current cloud and parallel computing environments. To …
On the future of cloud engineering | D Bermbach, A Chandra, C Krintz… - 2021 IEEE …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Ever since the commercial offerings of the Cloud started appearing in 2006, the landscape  of cloud computing has been undergoing remarkable changes with the emergence of many  different types of service offerings, developer productivity enhancement tools, and new …
Shenango: Achieving high {CPU} efficiency for latency-sensitive datacenter workloads | A Ousterhout, J Fried, J Behrens, A Belay… - … on Networked Systems …, 2019 - usenix.org | Datacenter applications demand microsecond-scale tail latencies and high request rates from  operating systems, and most applications handle loads that have high variance over multiple  timescales. Achieving these goals in a CPU-efficient way is an open problem. Because of …
Towards affordable externally consistent guarantees for geo-replicated systems | M Bravo, L Rodrigues - Proceedings of the 5th Workshop on the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | We propose a novel consistency model called external causality, which aims at making  external consistency affordable for geo-replicated systems. In this short paper, we (i) outline this  idea---informally defining external causality, and (ii) motivate it with two simple examples that …
Tensorscone: A secure tensorflow framework using intel sgx | R Kunkel, DL Quoc, F Gregor, S Arnautov… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | Machine learning has become a critical component of modern data-driven online services.  Typically, the training phase of machine learning techniques requires to process large-scale  datasets which may contain private and sensitive information of customers. This imposes …
Characterizing and modeling distributed training with transient cloud gpu servers | S Li, RJ Walls, T Guo - 2020 IEEE 40th International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Cloud GPU servers have become the de facto way for deep learning practitioners to train  complex models on large-scale datasets. However, it is challenging to determine the appropriate  cluster configuration—eg, server type and number—for different training workloads while …
Ring Signature-Based Voting on Blockchain | A Kugusheva, Y Yanovich - Proceedings of the 2019 2nd International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Amid ongoing digitalization, the use case of electronic voting has naturally arisen, with  attempts beginning as early as 2000. Blockchain technology has the potential to bring trust  and built-in auditing tools to such systems. This paper presents a prototype of the system for …
Graphbolt: Dependency-driven synchronous processing of streaming graphs | M Mariappan, K Vora - Proceedings of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Efficient streaming graph processing systems leverage incremental processing by updating  computed results to reflect the change in graph structure for the latest graph snapshot. Although  certain monotonic path-based algorithms produce correct results by refining intermediate …
A Cloud Resource Scheduling Framework for big data stream and analytics in Cloud Environment | K Manivannane… - … on Communication and …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The volume of data entering into the cloud is rapidly increasing; therefore, on-demand cloud  services should be provided to clients at any time, whereas providers must be able to  preserve system availability as well as process a large volume of data. It is obligatory for cloud …
Towards accurate and reliable energy measurement of NLP models | Q Cao, A Balasubramanian… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | Accurate and reliable measurement of energy consumption is critical for making well-informed  design choices when choosing and training large scale NLP models. In this work, we show  that existing software-based energy measurements are not accurate because they do not …
Efficient parallel execution of block transactions in blockchain | PS Anjana - Proceedings of the 22nd International Middleware …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Miners and validators in current blockchains serially execute block transactions. Such serial  execution cannot efficiently utilize modern multi-core resources, consequently hampering  system throughput. We propose three approaches to improve blockchain throughput by …
Verifying and Optimizing Compact NUMA-Aware Locks on Weak Memory Models | A Paolillo, D Behrens, R Chehab, M Fu - arXiv preprint arXiv:2111.15240, 2021 - arxiv.org | Developing concurrent software is challenging, specially if it has to run on modern architectures  with Weak Memory Models (WMMs) such as Armv8 and RISC-V. For the sake of performance,  WMMs allow hardware and compilers to aggressively reorder memory accesses. To …
Instant Virtual Machine Live Migration | C Jo, H Kim, B Egger - International Conference on the Economics of Grids …, 2020 - Springer | Live migration of virtual machines (VMs) is an important tool for data center operators to  achieve maintenance, power management, and load balancing. The relatively high cost of  live migration makes it difficult to employ live migration for rapid load balancing or power …
Distributed Symbolic Execution using Test-Depth Partitioning | S Singh, S Khurshid - arXiv preprint arXiv:2106.02179, 2021 - arxiv.org | Symbolic execution is a classic technique for systematic bug finding, which has seen many  applications in recent years but remains hard to scale. Recent work introduced ranged symbolic  execution to distribute the symbolic execution task among different workers with minimal …
Contagion in the CoCos Market? A Case Study of Two Stress Events | A Miglietta - 65th issue (December 2020) of the International …, 2020 - ijcb.org | The post-crisis regulatory framework has fostered the development of the market for  contingent convertible bonds (CoCos). These instruments allow for loss absorption as a going  concern, but their critics warn about their potential destabilizing effects in stress situations. We …
A tree structure-based blockchain | T Lin, M Dong, C Jing - Proceedings of the 2019 4th International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Due to the limitation of the capacity of each block, when the number of transactions increases  at the same time, it will face congestion problems and reduce the efficiency of accounting.  Collaborative computing and data slicing are effective methods to improve performance, and …
Infinicache: Exploiting ephemeral serverless functions to build a cost-effective memory cache | A Wang, J Zhang, X Ma, A Anwar, L Rupprecht… - … } Conference on File …, 2020 - usenix.org | Internet-scale web applications are becoming increasingly storage-intensive and rely heavily  on in-memory object caching to attain required I/O performance. We argue that the emerging  serverless computing paradigm provides a well-suited, cost-effective platform for object …
{UniStore}: A fault-tolerant marriage of causal and strong consistency | M Bravo, A Gotsman, B de Régil, H Wei - 2021 USENIX Annual …, 2021 - usenix.org | Modern online services rely on data stores that replicate their data across geographically  distributed data centers. Providing strong consistency in such data stores results in high  latencies and makes the system vulnerable to network partitions. The alternative of relaxing …
Plink: Discovering and exploiting locality for accelerated distributed training on the public cloud | L Luo, P West, J Nelson… - … of Machine Learning …, 2020 - proceedings.mlsys.org | Training deep learning models has become an important workload on the public cloud.  Scaling cloud-based distributed training faces unique challenges from the hierarchical network  topology of the datacenter and the dynamic nature of the multi-tenant environment. Timely …
Development of an e-mental health infrastructure for supporting interoperability and data analysis | F Rabbi, Y Lamo - 2019 - hvlopen.brage.unit.no | Digital technology plays an increasingly important role in addressing the challenges faced by  health and care services such as rising costs, changing demographics, shortage of healthcare  professionals. eHealth is the use of information and communication technologies (ICT) …
Payment mechanism for electronic charging using blockchain in smart vehicle | F Jamil, D Kim - Korea, 2019 - researchgate.net | The invention of smart vehicle technology paved away the excessive use of machine-to-machine  technologies. In this article, we propose a blockchain based novel idea for the payment of  electric charging in smart vehicles without any human interaction while maintaining …
Explaining The DLT Applications in The Context of a Customers, Facility Managements and Utility Companies Relationship | P HRISTOV, T HRISTOVA - 2019 16th Conference on Electrical …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The relationship between customers, Facility managements and Utility companies can be a  challenge. The persistent lack of trust leads to a fraud doubts, disputes and arbitration which  results are expensive. Such kind of issues generate expenses for all participants. We have …
A New Performance Testing Scheme for Blockchain System | C Yuan, J Zhu - LISS2019, 2020 - Springer | The development of blockchain technology is developing rapidly. From the appearance of  Bitcoin, Ethereum and other blockchain systems to the Hyperledger and EOS platforms, the  core concerns of the development of these systems is the performance. Bitcoin, Ethereum and …
Cloud-scale VM-deflation for Running Interactive Applications On Transient Servers | A Fuerst, A Ali-Eldin, P Shenoy, P Sharma - Proceedings of the 29th …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Transient computing has become popular in public cloud environments for running delay-insensitive  batch and data processing applications at low cost. Since transient cloud servers can be  revoked at any time by the cloud provider, they are considered unsuitable for running …
A blockchain simulator for evaluating consensus algorithms in diverse networking environments | P Foytik, S Shetty, SP Gochhayat… - 2020 Spring …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The massive scale, heterogeneity and distributed nature of Internet-of-Things (IoT) presents  challenges in realizing a practical and effective security solution. Blockchain empowered  platforms and technologies have been proposed to address aspects of this challenge. In order …
A survey of data partitioning and sampling methods to support big data analysis | MS Mahmud, JZ Huang, S Salloum… - Big Data Mining and …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Computer clusters with the shared-nothing architecture are the major computing platforms for  big data processing and analysis. In cluster computing, data partitioning and sampling are  two fundamental strategies to speed up the computation of big data and increase scalability. …
The hardware abstraction layer of nanvix for the kalray mppa-256 lightweight manycore processor | PH Penna, D Francis, J Souto - Conférence d'Informatique …, 2019 - hal.archives-ouvertes.fr | Lightweight manycores stand out for their performance, but lack on programmability and  software portability. While these challenges may be tackled at Operating System (OS) level,  existing systems that are narrowed for this context require some redesign, due to architectural …
CovidBloc: A Blockchain Powered Exposure Database for Contact Tracing. | D Pandey, N Agrawal, MP Jhanwar - IACR Cryptol. ePrint Arch., 2020 - eprint.iacr.org | Contact tracing is an important mitigation tool for national health services to fight epidemics  such as COVID-19. While many of the existing approaches for automated contact tracing focus  on privacy-preserving decentralized solutions, the use of blockchain in these applications …
Talos: A Weighted Speedup-Aware Device Placement of Deep Learning Models | Y Xu, H Wu, W Zhang, C Yang, Y Wu… - 2021 IEEE 32nd …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Efficient device placement of deep learning (DL) models, which consist of many operations,  is a big challenge when heterogeneous devices (eg, CPU, GPU) are considered. Existing  average speedup and transient speedup approaches do not make full use of operation-level …
A full-spectrum blockchain-as-a-service for business collaboration | Y Chen, J Gu, S Chen, S Huang… - 2019 IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Private and consortium blockchains have recently raised interest in the blockchain community  around facilitating business collaboration. In a business network, multiple participants either  (1) work with a centralized authority to maintain a complete and verifiable ledger, or (2) …
Parallelizing Maximal Clique Enumeration on Modern Manycore Processors | J Blanuša, R Stoica, P Ienne… - 2020 IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Many fundamental graph mining problems, such as maximal clique enumeration and  subgraph isomorphism, can be solved using combinatorial algorithms that are naturally  expressed in a recursive form. However, recursive graph mining algorithms suffer from a high …
A new data layout scheme for energy-efficient MapReduce processing tasks | XT Tran, T Van Do, C Rotter, D Hwang - Journal of Grid Computing, 2018 - Springer | Yet Another Resource Negotiator (YARN) is a framework to manage and allocate resource  requests from applications that process big data stored in HDFS. However, dynamic power  management methods are not efficient when YARN manage applications to process big data …
Sol: Fast distributed computation over slow networks | F Lai, J You, X Zhu, HV Madhyastha… - … USENIX} Symposium on …, 2020 - usenix.org | The popularity of big data and AI has led to many optimizations at different layers of distributed  computation stacks. Despite–or perhaps, because of–its role as the narrow waist of such  software stacks, the design of the execution engine, which is in charge of executing every …
Persistent Page Table and File System Journaling Scheme for NVM Storage | J Ahn, C Hyun, D Lee - Journal of IKEEE, 2019 - koreascience.or.kr | Even though Non-Volatile Memory (NVM) is used for data storage, a page table should be  built to access data in it. And this observation leads us to the Persistent Page Table (PPT)  scheme that keeps the page table in NVM persistently. By the way, processors have different …
Hardening hypervisors against vulnerabilities in instruction emulators | K Ishiguro, K Kono - Proceedings of the 11th European Workshop on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Vulnerabilities in hypervisors are crucial in multi-tenant clouds and attractive for attackers  because a vulnerability in the hypervisor can undermine all the virtual machine (VM) security.  This paper focuses on vulnerabilities in instruction emulators inside hypervisors. …
Comparative study of permissioned blockchain solutions for enterprises | RM Nadir - 2019 International Conference on Innovative …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Digital world is shifting towards distributed systems due to scalability and reliability issues of  centralized systems. Blockchain is one of rapidly growing technology of distributed nature.  Most of people have information about public blockchain due to bitcoin and other …
in E-Learning | B Milind, AK Tiwari - Computing Algorithms with Applications in …, 2020 - books.google.com | To build a better society, every nation demands persons who are knowledgeable as well as  skilled in their profession. To achieve this, education should reach the commonalities and  make them able to learn and apply the earned knowledge into their skilled domain. The …
Efficient Mapping of Large-scale Data under Heterogeneous Big Data Computing Systems | KP Krishna, P Neelima - International Journal on Future Revolution in …, 2020 - ijfrcsce.org | Hadoop biological systems become progressively significant for professionals of huge scale  information examination, they likewise acquire huge energy cost. This pattern is dynamic up  the requirement for planning energy-effective Hadoop clusters so as to lessen the …
가상화환경에서의NUMA 기반락성능분석 | 김승윤， 이태형， 엄영익 - 한국정보과학회학술발표논문집, 2020 - dbpia.co.kr | 최근 가상화 시스템에서는 기반 시스템에서의 성능 최적화를 위해 기법 NUMA virtual NUMA (vNUMA)  을 활용하고 있다 이를 통해 게스트 운영체제는 가상머신의 가상 및 메모리에 대한. CPU (vCPU)  NUMA 배치 상태를 알 수 있으며 구조를 고려한 성능 최적화 기법들을 적용할 수 있다 …
Quantum Multi-valued Byzantine Agreement Based on d-dimensional Entangled States | Q Luo, K Feng, M Zheng - International Journal of Theoretical Physics, 2019 - Springer | Byzantine agreement has always been an important research topic of distributed computing  and has been widely applied to blockchain technology in recent years. We propose a quantum  protocol for solving multi-valued detectable Byzantine agreement problem in this paper. …
Embracing Opportunities of Livestock Big Data Integration with Privacy Constraints | F Papst, O Saukh, K Römer, F Grandl… - Proceedings of the 9th …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Today's herd management undergoes a major transformation triggered by the penetration of  cheap sensor solutions into cattle farms, and the promise of predictive analytics to detect  animal health issues and product-related problems before they occur. The latter is particularly …
An event driven framework for smart contract execution | M Kaleem, K Kasichainula, R Karanjai, L Xu… - Proceedings of the 15th …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Blockchain-based smart contract platforms have traditionally employed the transaction-driven  execution model. This paper presents an alternate framework for blockchain-based smart  contract execution called EDSC. Our platform design presents a novel approach to tackle the …
Blockchain Technologies and Issues | MY Idris, S Sunar, A Azman - International Seminar on …, 2019 - journal.ittelkom-sby.ac.id | Blockchain technologies are promising area of research on securing data since last few  years. Blockchains are distributed ledgers that removing the need for a centralized authority  to host data. In this paper, we review four basic elements in blockchain architecture namely …
Analytical Study of Blockchain Enabled Security Enhancement Methods for Healthcare Data | M Roy, M Singh - IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and …, 2021 - iopscience.iop.org | Healthcare data protection is very much required in the present time due to the rate of growth  in data volume and sensitivity of the data. The data is collected through EHR, diagnostic  image like scan or x-ray or IoT wearable devices which has sensors and shared with …
Horus: An interference-aware resource manager for deep learning systems | G Yeung, D Borowiec, R Yang, A Friday… - … on Algorithms and …, 2020 - Springer | Deep Learning (DL) models are deployed as jobs within machines containing GPUs. These  DL systems - ranging from a singular GPU device to machine clusters - require state-of-the-art  resource management to increase resource utilization and job throughput. While it has …
InnoChain: a distributed ledger for industry with formal verification on all implementation levels | VA Kukharenko, KV Ziborov, RF Sadykov… - … and Analysis of …, 2020 - mais-journal.ru | The extent of formal verification methods applied to industrial projects has always been  limited. The proliferation of distributed ledger systems (DLS), also known as blockchain, is  rapidly changing the situation. Since the main area of DLSs' application is the automation of …
Preventing Waiting List Manipulation And Black Marketing of Donated Organs Through Hyperledger Fabric | R Lamba, Y Gupta, S Kalra… - … , and Intelligent Systems …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Thousands of lives can be saved every year through organ transplantation. Shortage of  donors and less secure systems are limiting factors to the increase in transplantation rates.  Influential Individuals try to exercise their influence over the donated organs through money …
Mining netizen's opinion on cryptocurrency: sentiment analysis of Twitter data | MK Hassan, FA Hudaefi, RE Caraka - Studies in Economics and …, 2021 - emerald.com | … (2018), “Hyperledger fabric: a distributed operating system for permissioned blockchains”,  Proceedings of the 13th EuroSys Conference, EuroSys 2018, Vol. 2018-Janua, doi: 10.1145/3190508.3190538. …
The Ritva Blockchain: Enabling Confidential Transactions at Scale | H Aare, P Vitols - arXiv preprint arXiv:2006.01758, 2020 - arxiv.org | The distributed ledger technology has been widely hailed as the break-through technology.  It has realised a great number of application scenarios, and improved workflow of many  domains. Nonetheless, there remain a few major concerns in adopting and deploying the …
マルチプロセスをサポートするUnikernel-based VM | 金津穂， 山田浩史 - 研究報告システムソフトウェアとオペレーティング …, 2018 - ipsj.ixsq.nii.ac.jp | : IaaS 型のクラウドプラットフォームでは仮想化技術によって計算資源を細かに制御・分配すること により, ユーザがオンデマンドに必要最小限の計算資源を借りることができる反面, 仮想マシンを借りる ことになるためユーザが OS の管理を行なわなければならない. PaaS 型のクラウドプラットフォーム…
Caladan: Mitigating interference at microsecond timescales | J Fried, Z Ruan, A Ousterhout, A Belay - 14th {USENIX} Symposium on …, 2020 - usenix.org | The conventional wisdom is that CPU resources such as cores, caches, and memory  bandwidth must be partitioned to achieve performance isolation between tasks. Both the  widespread availability of cache partitioning in modern CPUs and the recommended practice of …
Data management: Relational vs blockchain databases | P Chitti, J Murkin, R Chitchyan - International Conference on Advanced …, 2019 - Springer | This paper presents an initial exploitative study of how the relational and blockchain databases  compare in defining and deploying data structures, populating these with new entries,  and retrieving the relevant data for further use. The aim of this study is to better inform the …
Geo-aware State Deployment Problem for Mobile Distributed Applications | D Lima - conferences.inf.ed.ac.uk | The geographical barrier between mobile devices and mobile application servers (typically  hosted in cloud datacenters) imposes an unavoidable latency and jitter that negatively impacts  the performance of modern mobile systems. Fog Computing architectures can mitigate this …
Time protection: the missing OS abstraction | Q Ge, Y Yarom, T Chothia, G Heiser - … of the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Timing channels enable data leakage that threatens the security of computer systems, from  cloud platforms to smartphones and browsers executing untrusted third-party code. Preventing  unauthorised information flow is a core duty of the operating system, however, present …
ACT: Anonymous Consensus Based on Tor | X Li, Z Zheng, P Chen - International Conference on Data Mining and Big …, 2021 - Springer | As the core of blockchain technology, consensus mechanism determines the security, stability  and availability of the system. Most of consensus mechanisms including Po-X, X-BFT and so  on mainly focuse on the design and improvement of the consensus layer while the privacy …
Pronto: Easy and fast persistence for volatile data structures | A Memaripour, J Izraelevitz, S Swanson - Proceedings of the Twenty …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Non-Volatile Main Memories (NVMMs) promise an opportunity for fast, persistent data structures.  However, building these data structures is hard because their data must be consistent in  the wake of a failure. Existing methods for building persistent data structures require either …
A Multi-Factor Authenticated Blockchain-Based OTA Update Framework for Connected Autonomous Vehicles | S Yeasmin, A Haque - 2021 IEEE 94th Vehicular Technology …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The Connected Autonomous Vehicles (CAVs) are embedded with dozens of electronic units  and sensors heavily reliant on vehicle's software systems for their secure and reliable  operations. This software system must always stay updated for providing a secure and …
Perphon: A ML-based agent for workload co-location via performance prediction and resource inference | J Zhu, R Yang, C Hu, T Wo, S Xue, J Ouyang… - Proceedings of the ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Cluster administrators are facing great pressures to improve cluster utilization through workload  co-location. Guaranteeing performance of long-running applications (LRAs), however, is  far from settled as unpredictable interference across applications is catastrophic to QoS [2]. …
Public versus private blockchains | E Strehle - 2020 - blockchainresearchlab.org | Public blockchains like Bitcoin and Ethereum continue to have an exaggerated influence on  the overall perception of blockchain technology. As a consequence, trustlessness is often  presented as the central characteristic of blockchain: It is claimed that blockchain designers …
Managing tail latency in datacenter-scale file systems under production constraints | PA Misra, MF Borge, Í Goiri, AR Lebeck… - … the Fourteenth EuroSys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Distributed file systems often exhibit high tail latencies, especially in large-scale datacenters and  in the presence of competing (and possibly higher priority) workloads. This paper introduces  techniques for managing tail latencies in these systems, while addressing the practical …
Machine learning systems and intelligent applications | WC Benton - IEEE Software, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Machine learning techniques are useful in a wide range of contexts, but techniques alone are  insufficient to solve real business problems. We introduce the intelligent applications concept,  which characterizes the structure and responsibilities of contemporary machine learning …
Software-defined data protection: low overhead policy compliance at the storage layer is within reach! | Z István, S Ponnapalli, V Chidambaram - Proceedings of the VLDB …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Most modern data processing pipelines run on top of a distributed storage layer, and securing  the whole system, and the storage layer in particular, against accidental or malicious misuse  is crucial to ensuring compliance to rules and regulations. Enforcing data protection and …
Research on Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerant Consensus Algorithm Based on Blockchain | X Zheng, W Feng - Journal of Physics: Conference Series, 2021 - iopscience.iop.org | Practical Byzantine Fault-tolerant Algorithm (PBFT) is the most widely used consensus  algorithm in alliance chain, which has the advantages of fault tolerance and large throughput.  However, PBFT also has some problems that can't be ignored in specific blockchain applications…
Evolution of Multi Cloud Framework for Integrity, Confidentiality and Availability | DV Bhavsagar, V Chavan, SJ Sharma - researchgate.net | Data became most valuable corporate assets which demand to search safest place just like  locker to store, manage and accessible whenever required. Many IT enterprises has burden  of additional cost of management of storage resources for their valuable data. Exponential …
Fast Flexible Paxos: Relaxing Quorum Intersection for Fast Paxos | H Howard, A Charapko, R Mortier - International Conference on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Paxos, the de facto standard approach to solving distributed consensus, operates in two  phases, each of which requires an intersecting quorum of nodes. Multi-Paxos reduces this to  one phase by electing a leader but this leader is also a performance bottleneck. Fast Paxos …
Proactive Container Auto-scaling for Cloud Native Machine Learning Services | D Buchaca, JLL Berral, C Wang… - 2020 IEEE 13th …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Understanding the resource usage behaviors of the ever-increasing machine learning  workloads are critical to cloud providers offering Machine Learning (ML) services. Capable of  auto-scaling resources for customer workloads can significantly improve resource utilization, …
Physical Data Auditing for Attack Detection in Cyber-Manufacturing Systems: Blockchain for Machine Learning Process | J Song, D Shukla, M Wu… - ASME …, 2019 - asmedigitalcollection.asme.org | Auditing physical data using machine learning can enhance the security in Cyber-Manufacturing  System (CMS). However, the physical data processing itself is prone to cyber-attacks.  Connections based on the internet in CMS opens the route for adversaries to compromise the …
Compact Java Monitors | D Dice, A Kogan - arXiv preprint arXiv:2102.04188, 2021 - arxiv.org | For scope and context, the idea we'll describe below, Compact Java Monitors, is intended  as a potential replacement implementation for the ``synchronized'' construct in the HotSpot  JVM. The readers is assumed to be familiar with current HotSpot implementation. …
DACON: a reconfigurable application-centric optical network for disaggregated data center infrastructures | X Guo, X Xue, F Yan, B Pan… - Journal of Optical …, 2022 - osapublishing.org | To solve the issues of low resource utilization and performance bottleneck in current server-centric  data center networks (DCNs), we propose and experimentally demonstrate a disaggregated  application-centric optical network (DACON) for data center infrastructures based on …
Deutsche Bundesbank No 50/2021 | N Hinterlang, A Martin, O Röhe, N Stähler, J Strobel - bundesbank.de | … The paper represents the authors’ personal opinions and does not necessarily reflect the  views of the Deutsche Bundesbank or the Eurosystem. Any errors are ours. We would like to  thank Hafedh Bouakez, Samuel Hurtado, Maria Longson, Christoph Schult, Igor Vetlov, …
Measuring Throughput and Latency Distributed Ledger Technology: Hyperledger | R Herwanto, H Sabita… - Journal of Information …, 2021 - journal-computing.org | In this paper, we report the measuring outcomes of Hyperledger, a Distributed Ledger, which  is the derivation Blockchain Technology. A technique to evaluate Hyperledger in a limited  infrastructure is developed. The measured infrastructure consists of 8 nodes with a load of up …
The Ritva Blockchain: Enabling Confidential Transactions at Scale | P Vitols, H Aare - 2020 - eprints.rclis.org | The distributed ledger technology has been widely hailed as the break- through technology.  It has realised a great number of application scenarios, and improved workflow of many  domains. Nonetheless, there remain a few major concerns in adopting and deploying the …
Daddy: Data Dependancy Graphs in Serverless Computations | DI Kukushkin, VA Antonenko - Программные системы и …, 2020 - asvk.cs.msu.ru | Serverless computing are computations performed with the help of containerized functions  on a remote server. Functions placed in a container are called serverless functions. Function  as a Service (FaaS) is a model of commercial use of serverless computing, in which the …
Firecracker: Lightweight virtualization for serverless applications | A Agache, M Brooker, A Iordache, A Liguori… - … {usenix} symposium on …, 2020 - usenix.org | Serverless containers and functions are widely used for deploying and managing software in  the cloud. Their popularity is due to reduced cost of operations, improved utilization of  hardware, and faster scaling than traditional deployment methods. The economics and scale of …
Dynamic model of the software development market based on the assignment problem on pain points | I Lesik, A Perevozchikov - Ekonomika i matematicheskie metody, 2021 - ras.jes.su | The authors propose the formulation of a discrete dynamic model of the software  developmentmarket (SM) based on the assignment problem (AP) on pain points (PP), which can  also be obtained according to the scheme used in (Vasin, Grigorieva, Lesik, 2018), if we abandon …
Dmytro Bogatov | D Bogatov, A De Caro, K Elkhiyaoui, B Tackmann - dbogatov.org | … In: Proceedings of the Thirteenth EuroSys Conference. EuroSys ’18. 2018, 30:1– 30:15.  DOI: 10.1145/3190508.3190538. …
ブロックチェーンを活用した請求支払管理システムの性能評価 | 本庄将也， 中島大輝， 松本光弘， 中島誠一… - 第81 回全国大会講演 …, 2019 - ipsj.ixsq.nii.ac.jp | 論文抄録 金融業界をはじめ, 様々な分野でブロックチェーンの活用について検討されている. 限られた 参加者間で情報共有を行いたい場合, 一般的に高速に取引可能な特長を持つ許可型ブロックチェーン が利用される. しかし, ブロックチェーンを活用したシステムは構成が複雑であることなどから処理…
Peer-to-peer Energy Trading Platform Using Consortium Blockchain | Y Feng, J Fan, J Wang, Y Li - 2020 12th IEEE PES Asia-Pacific …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | As the demand for energy grows, a large number of distributed energy resources with small  capacity, intermittent and random output are incorporated into the operation of large power  grid, and many prosumers participate in the electricity market transactions, which brings great …
CoPlace: Effectively Mitigating Cache Conflicts in Modern Clouds | X Shang, W Jia, J Shan, X Ding - 2021 30th International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Substantial renovations in hardware cache have been focused on reducing cache interference  between workloads recently. However, cache conflicts within each workload are surprisingly  overlooked. The paper identifies that cache conflicts cannot be effectively reduced in …
The gender gap in computer science—a bibliometric analysis | S Mattauch, K Lohmann, F Hannig, D Lohmann… - 2018 - opus4.kobv.de | The low share of women in computer science is documented by many surveys. Most of these  studies are based on registrations or enrolments of universities or other scientific institutions.  In this paper, we present a new approach to a) analyse the gender gap in the group of …
A Polystore Based Database Operating System (DBOS) | M Cafarella, D DeWitt, V Gadepally, J Kepner… - … , and Analytics for …, 2020 - Springer | Current operating systems are complex systems that were designed before today’s  computing environments. This makes it difficult for them to meet the scalability, heterogeneity,  availability, and security challenges in current cloud and parallel computing environments. To …
Clio: A Hardware-Software Co-Designed Disaggregated Memory System | Z Guo, Y Shan, X Luo, Y Huang, Y Zhang - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2021 - arxiv.org | Memory disaggregation has attracted great attention recently because of its benefits in  efficient memory utilization and ease of management. So far, memory disaggregation research  has all taken one of two approaches, building/emulating memory nodes with either regular …
Elasecutor: Elastic executor scheduling in data analytics systems | L Liu, H Xu - Proceedings of the ACM Symposium on Cloud …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Modern data analytics systems use long-running executors to run an application's entire  DAG. Executors exhibit salient time-varying resource requirements. Yet, existing schedulers  simply reserve resources for executors statically, and use the peak resource demand to guide …
Technologische Umsetzung des Resilient Smart Farming (RSF) durch den Einsatz von Edge Computing | D Eberz-Eder, F Kuntke, W Schneider… - 41. GIL-Jahrestagung …, 2021 - dl.gi.de | Edge Computing bietet die Möglichkeit zur Realisierung von Resilient Smart Farming (RSF).  Die vorliegende Arbeit setzt sich mit Möglichkeiten der möglichst ausfallsicheren Digitalisierung  der Landwirtschaft als kritischer Infrastruktur auseinander und zeigt auf, dass dezentrale …
LAWN: Boosting the performance of NVMM file system through reducing write amplification | C Wang, S Chattopadhyay - 2018 55th ACM/ESDA/IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Byte-addressable non-volatile memories can be used with DRAM to build a hybrid memory  system of volatile/non-volatile main memory (NVMM). NVMM file systems demand consistency  techniques such as logging and copy-on-write to guarantee data consistency in case of …
Alto: lightweight vms using virtualization-aware managed runtimes | J Larisch, J Mickens, E Kohler - … of the 15th International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Virtualization enables datacenter operators to safely run computations that belong to untrusted  tenants. An ideal virtual machine has three properties: a small memory footprint; strong  isolation from other VMs and the host OS; and the ability to maintain in-memory state across …
A mobile cloud computing framework for execution of data as a service using cloudlet | SK Yadav, R Kumar - Kuwait Journal of Science, 2021 - journalskuwait.migration … | As mobile devices are becoming more powerful in computation, storage and power which  makes it suitable for MCC (mobile cloud computing). Besides getting used in MCC, mobile  devices also have roles in various emerging technologies like, ubiquitous computing, pervasive …
QWin: Enforcing Tail Latency SLO at Shared Storage Backend | L Ma, Z Liu, J Xiong, D Jiang - arXiv preprint arXiv:2106.09206, 2021 - arxiv.org | Consolidating latency-critical (LC) and best-effort (BE) tenants at storage backend helps to  increase resources utilization. Even if tenants use dedicated queues and threads to achieve  performance isolation, threads are still contend for CPU cores. Therefore, we argue that it is …
NrOS: Effective Replication and Sharing in an Operating System | A Bhardwaj, C Kulkarni, R Achermann, I Calciu… - … on Operating Systems …, 2021 - usenix.org | Writing a correct operating system kernel is notoriously hard. Kernel code requires manual  memory management and type-unsafe code and must efficiently handle complex, asynchronous  events. In addition, increasing CPU core counts further complicate kernel development. …
Tiresias: A {GPU} cluster manager for distributed deep learning | J Gu, M Chowdhury, KG Shin, Y Zhu, M Jeon… - … on Networked Systems …, 2019 - usenix.org | Deep learning (DL) training jobs bring some unique challenges to existing cluster managers,  such as unpredictable training times, an all-or-nothing execution model, and inflexibility in  GPU sharing. Our analysis of a large GPU cluster in production shows that existing big data …
HME: A lightweight emulator for hybrid memory | Z Duan, H Liu, X Liao, H Jin - … & Test in Europe Conference & …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Emerging non-volatile memory (NVM) technologies have been widely studied in recent years.  Those studies mainly rely on cycle-accurate architecture simulators because the commercial  NVM hardware is still unavailable. However, current simulation approaches are either too …
Straggler identification approach in large data processing frameworks using ensembled gradient boosting in smart-cities cloud services | S Deshmukh, KT Rao - … Journal of System Assurance Engineering and …, 2021 - Springer | A smart city's efficiency must be achieved by mining large amounts of data generated by  cyber-physical systems and electronic platforms using the large-scale data processing framework  in cloud environment. Many cloud services rely on data parallel computing frameworks in …
Parallel Chopped Symbolic Execution | S Singh, S Khurshid - International Conference on Formal Engineering …, 2020 - Springer | Symbolic execution, a well-known and widely studied software testing technique, faces  scalability issues due to path explosion that limits its effectiveness. Recent work on chopped  symbolic execution introduced the Chopper technique that allows the user to specify …
Performance modeling and analysis of a Hyperledger-based system using GSPN | P Yuan, K Zheng, X Xiong, K Zhang, L Lei - Computer Communications, 2020 - Elsevier | As a highly scalable permissioned blockchain platform, Hyperledger Fabric supports a wide  range of industry use cases ranging from governance to finance. In this paper, we propose  a model to analyze the performance of a Hyperledger-based system by using Generalized …
Efficient wear leveling for inodes of file systems on persistent memories | X Chen, EHM Sha, Y Zeng, C Yang… - … , Automation & Test …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Existing persistent memory file systems achieve high-performance file accesses by exploiting  advanced characteristics of persistent memories (PMs), such as PCM. However, they ignore  the limited endurance of PMs. Particularly, the frequently updated inodes are stored on …
Operating System Support for Data Management on Modern Hardware. | J Giceva - IEEE Data Eng. Bull., 2019 - sites.computer.org | For decades, database management systems have found the generic interface, policies and  mechanisms offered by conventional operating systems at odds with the need for efficient  utilization of hardware resources. The existing approach from the OS-side of” one-size-fits-all” …
It's Time to Debloat the Cloud with Unikraft | F Huici - 2021 - usenix.org | Cloud computing has revolutionized the way we think about IT infrastructure: Another web  server? More database capacity? Resources for your artificial intelligence use case? Just  spin-up another instance and you are good to go. That's the hype, but the reality is that the cloud, …
A High Performance File System for Non-Volatile Main Memory | F Shigemitsu, M Suzuki - 2019 - ipsj.ixsq.nii.ac.jp | … Jackson, “System software for persistent memory,” in Ninth Eurosys Conference 2014,  EuroSys 2014, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, April 13-16, 2014 (DCA … Lu, “A high performance  file system for nonvolatile main memory,” in EuroSys, pp. 12:1–12:16, ACM, 2016. [9] P. …
{SPEICHER}: Securing lsm-based key-value stores using shielded execution | M Bailleu, J Thalheim, P Bhatotia, C Fetzer… - … } Conference on File …, 2019 - usenix.org | We introduce Speicher, a secure storage system that not only provides strong confidentiality  and integrity properties, but also ensures data freshness to protect against rollback/forking  attacks. Speicher exports a Key-Value (KV) interface backed by Log-Structured Merge Tree (…
An Architecture for Sharing Cyber-Intelligence Based on Blockchain | R Gonçalo, T Pedrosa, RP Lopes - International Congress on Blockchain …, 2020 - Springer | Cyber-intelligence sharing can leverage the development and deployment of security plans  and teams within organizations, making infrastructures resilient and resistant to cyberattacks.  To be efficient, information sharing should be performed in a trusted environment, ensuring …
An Intelligent File Transfer Optimization for Poor Network Conditions | M Yan, B Zhang, G Zhao, X Kuang, L Liu… - … Symposium on Security …, 2020 - Springer | File transfer is based on the reliable TCP protocol. However, when the network is of poor  quality, TCP-based transmission will still perform less effectively due to some reasons. Existing  approaches mainly optimize file transmission by modifying network strategies or optimize …
Adaptive Resource Management for Distributed Data Analytics | L Thamsen, T Renner, I Verbitskiy… - Big Data and HPC …, 2018 - books.google.com | Increasingly large datasets make scalable and distributed data analytics necessary. Frameworks  such as Spark and Flink help users in efficiently utilizing cluster resources for their data  analytics jobs. It is, however, usually difficult to anticipate the runtime behavior and resource …
The Tortoise and the Hare: Characterizing synchrony in distributed environments (Practical experience report) | D Porto, J Leitão, F Junqueira… - 2018 48th Annual IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The design of distributed protocols that run in data centers and enterprise clusters is heavily  dependent on synchrony assumptions regarding the timing behavior of the participating  nodes and the network. However, little is known about the actual synchrony of real distributed …
Improving Connection Scalability in TAS | R Shashidhara, PK Jain, SR Ramachandran - cs.utexas.edu | TCP Acceleration as a Service (TAS) is a DPDK based userspace TCP stack implementation  particularly designed to optimize RPCs in the datacenter. In comparison to Linux and other  kernel bypass TCP implementations, TAS is shown to achieve significantly higher throughput …
X-CEL: A Method to Estimate Near-Memory Acceleration Potential in Tile-Based MPSoCs | S Rheindt, A Fried, O Lenke, L Nolte, T Sabirov… - … on Architecture of …, 2020 - Springer | Near-memory acceleration strives to tackle the data-to-task locality issue in MPSoCs in  order to obtain higher performance and lower power consumption. However, it is not easy to  determine whether the advantages arise from the near-memory integration or the hardware …
Towards blockchain interoperability: Improving video games data exchange | L Besançon, CF Da Silva… - 2019 IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Current solutions for designing and building decentralized blockchain applications lack  interoperability. Consequently, blockchains and existing technologies do not integrate well  in a unified framework. This integration is necessary to work around some of the blockchains …
The Case for Task Sampling based Learning for Cluster Job Scheduling | A Jajoo, YC Hu, X Lin, N Deng - arXiv preprint arXiv:2108.10464, 2021 - arxiv.org | The ability to accurately estimate job runtime properties allows a scheduler to effectively  schedule jobs. State-of-the-art online cluster job schedulers use history-based learning, which  uses past job execution information to estimate the runtime properties of newly arrived jobs. …
Transactions in the Era of Non Volatile Memory and Heterogeneous Memory Architectures | P Romano - Companion of the ACM/SPEC International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Paolo serves regularly as Program Committee member and reviewer for renowned  international conferences and journals, including EuroSys, DSN, ICDCS, SIGMETRICS,  IEEE TKDE, IEEE TPDS, ACM TOPLAS …
Zero-carbon Cloud: Research Challenges for Datacenters as Supply-following Loads | AA Chien, C Zhang, HD Nguyen - University of Chicago …, 2019 - newtraell.cs.uchicago.edu | Hyperscale cloud datacenters are the fastest growing consumer of power in most of the world.  Zero-carbon cloud proposes the use of these networks of datacenters as a  geographically-distributed, supply-following load to utilize excess renewable generation (eg …
Rammer: Enabling Holistic Deep Learning Compiler Optimizations with rTasks | L Ma, Z Xie, Z Yang, J Xue, Y Miao, W Cui… - … on Operating Systems …, 2020 - usenix.org | Performing Deep Neural Network (DNN) computation on hardware accelerators efficiently is  challenging. Existing DNN frameworks and compilers often treat the DNN operators in a data  flow graph (DFG) as opaque library functions and schedule them onto accelerators to be …
Smart Contracts are More than Objects: Pro-activeness on the Blockchain | G Ciatto, A Maffi, S Mariani, A Omicini - International Congress on …, 2019 - Springer | … In: 13th EuroSys Conference (EuroSys 2018). ACM, New York (2018). …
Improving Collaboration in Industry 4.0: The Usage of Blockchain for Knowledge Representation | P Pinheiro, R Santos, R Barbosa - … on Practical Applications of Agents and …, 2020 - Springer | With the introduction of Industry 4.0 in many industrial environments, many changes are  going to take place in the manufacturing processes. Blockchain can help the collaboration  between organisations, by improving and leading the way for a decentralised future, where …
TailX: Scheduling heterogeneous multiget queries to improve tail latencies in key-value stores | V Jaiman, SB Mokhtar, E Rivière - IFIP International Conference on …, 2020 - Springer | Users of interactive services such as e-commerce platforms have high expectations for the  performance and responsiveness of these services. Tail latency, denoting the worst service  times, contributes greatly to user dissatisfaction and should be minimized. Maintaining low tail …
Learning to Schedule DAG Tasks | Z Hua, F Qi, G Liu, S Yang - arXiv preprint arXiv:2103.03412, 2021 - arxiv.org | Scheduling computational tasks represented by directed acyclic graphs (DAGs) is  challenging because of its complexity. Conventional scheduling algorithms rely heavily on  simple heuristics such as shortest job first (SJF) and critical path (CP), and are often lacking in …
Multi-party quantum Byzantine agreement without entanglement | X Sun, P Kulicki, M Sopek - Entropy, 2020 - mdpi.com | In this paper, we propose a protocol of quantum communication to achieve Byzantine  agreement among multiple parties. Our protocol’s striking feature compared to the existing  protocols is that we do not use entanglement to achieve the agreement. The role played by …
Protecting applications using trusted execution environments | C Priebe - 2020 - spiral.imperial.ac.uk | While cloud computing has been broadly adopted, companies that deal with sensitive data  are still reluctant to do so due to privacy concerns or legal restrictions. Vulnerabilities in  complex cloud infrastructures, resource sharing among tenants, and malicious insiders pose a …
Prevention of microarchitectural covert channels on an open-source 64-bit RISC-V core | N Wistoff, M Schneider, FK Gürkaynak, L Benini… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | Covert channels enable information leakage across security boundaries of the operating  system. Microarchitectural covert channels exploit changes in execution timing resulting from  competing access to limited hardware resources. We use the recent experimental support for …
Apache nemo: A framework for building distributed dataflow optimization policies | Y Yang, J Eo, GW Kim, JY Kim, S Lee, J Seo… - 2019 {USENIX} Annual …, 2019 - usenix.org | Optimizing scheduling and communication of distributed data processing for resource and  data characteristics is crucial for achieving high performance. Existing approaches to such  optimizations largely fall into two categories. First, distributed runtimes provide low-level policy …
Design of Blockchain Ledger Compression Algorithm | Z Wu, Y Yang, X Lu - CS & IT Conference Proceedings, 2020 - csitcp.org | Blockchain has received widespread attention due to its decentralization, openness, autonomy,  information tamper proof, and anonymity, and is currently on the rise. Some fatal weaknesses  have been widely criticized in the process of evolution and development of blockchain …
Elastic Deep Learning in Multi-Tenant GPU Clusters | Y Wu, K Ma, X Yan, Z Liu, Z Cai… - … on Parallel and …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We study how to support elasticity, that is, the ability to dynamically adjust the parallelism (ie,  the number of GPUs), for deep neural network (DNN) training in a GPU cluster. Elasticity  can benefit multi-tenant GPU cluster management in many ways, for example, achieving …
Approaching 20 years of euro cash in Austria: What has changed, and what's next? | A Schautzer, H Stix - Monetary Policy & the Economy Q1–Q2/19. OeNB, 2019 - oenb.at | This article discusses how the use of cash has evolved in Austria since euro banknotes and  coins were introduced in January 2002 and how the underlying production/logistics processes  have changed. Regarding the role of cash in Austria, we show that Austria is among the …
Protean:{VM} Allocation Service at Scale | O Hadary, L Marshall, I Menache, A Pan… - … on Operating Systems …, 2020 - usenix.org | We describe the design and implementation of Protean--the Microsoft Azure service  responsible for allocating Virtual Machines (VMs) to millions of servers around the globe. A  single instance of Protean serves an entire availability zone (10-100k machines), facilitating …
Resource allocation in the integration of IoT, Fog, and Cloud computing: state-of-the-art and open challenges | B Al-athwari, HM Azam - International conference on smart computing and …, 2020 - Springer | In recent years, the number of smart devices has a tremendous growth and brought, along with  the high Internet connectivity, about the emergence of the IoTs as a new computing paradigm  that resulted in a dramatic change in many areas of life, including Smart Home, Smart …
Using sgx-based virtual clones for iot security | R Tahir, A Raza, F Zaffar, FU Ghani… - 2018 IEEE 17th …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Widespread permeation of IoT devices into our daily lives has created a diverse spectrum of  security and privacy concerns unique to the IoT ecosystem. Conventional host and network  security mechanisms fail to address these issues due to resource constraints, ad-hoc network …
The future of the shell: Unix and beyond | M Greenberg, K Kallas, N Vasilakis - … of the Workshop on Hot Topics in …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the Sixteenth European Conference on Computer Systems (Online  Event, United Kingdom) (EuroSys ’21). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY,  USA, 49–66. …
DESIGN OF BLOCKCHAIN LEDGER COMPRESSION ALGORITHM | K SolomonDoss, R Schumi, I Homoliak - academia.edu | Blockchain has received widespread attention due to its decentralization, openness, autonomy,  information tamper proof, and anonymity, and is currently on the rise. Some fatal weaknesses  have been widely criticized in the process of evolution and development of blockchain …
The Evolution of Blockchain Virtual Machine Architecture Towards an Enterprise Usage Perspective | H Turesson - … Methods in Intelligent Algorithms: Proceedings of …, 2019 - books.google.com | Virtualization in the context of blockchain systems represents an essential phase in the  development and migration of services from public chains to enterprise logic. Most of the ongoing  blockchain uses-cases are using the existing public ledgers, but for business products and …
Applying fast shallow write to short-lived data in solid state drives | I Shin - IEICE Electronics Express, 2018 - jstage.jst.go.jp | In NAND flash memory, a high threshold voltage during incremental step pulse programming  speeds up the write operation but reduces the data retention time, and vice versa. Current  NAND flash memory uses a low threshold voltage to satisfy the industry standard, which …
Demographics and the decline in firm entry: Lessons from a life-cycle model | O Röhe, N Stähler - 2020 - papers.ssrn.com | … The paper represents the authors’ personal opinions and does not necessarily reflect the  views of the Deutsche Bundesbank, of the Eurosystem or of its staff. We are grateful for comments  from Johannes Hoffmann, Vivien Lewis, Julian Neira, Karsten Wendorff, and participants …
Exploring Interoperability of Blockchain Technology and the Possibility of Collaboration with the Existing Information Systems of the Enterprises | I Dimitrov, R Gigov - 2020 III International Conference on High …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Blockchain technology is information technology that provokes research in various scientific  fields, including information technology, humanitarian and economic. One of the issues that  needs wide discussion is the interoperability of Blockchain technology, both between the …
Centralized core-granular scheduling for serverless functions | K Kaffes, NJ Yadwadkar, C Kozyrakis - … of the ACM Symposium on Cloud …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In recent years, many applications have started using serverless computing platforms primarily  due to the ease of deployment and cost efficiency they offer. However, the existing scheduling  mechanisms of serverless platforms fall short in catering to the unique characteristics of …
Transparent Data Dealing: Hyperledger Fabric Based Biomedical Engineering Supply Chain | MR Amin, MF Zuhairi, MN Saadat - 2021 15th International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Blockchain is a decentralized and immutable technology which offers transparency for the  digital world, where habitual technology does not. The novel blockchain technology may be  employed by many sectors, ie, healthcare, bank, government services, and supply chain. In …
Anomaly Detection for Container Cluster based on JointCloud Platform | Z Li, Z Zhang, X Liu, C Zhu - Proceedings of the 2019 3rd International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In order to accurately discover container exception data of large-scale container clusters to  guide the maintenance of container clusters, a new anomaly detection model for container  clusters is proposed in this article. The model combines the advantages of supervised learning …
On-Demand ETL for Real-Time Analytics | W Qu - 2021 - kluedo.ub.uni-kl.de | In recent years, business intelligence applications become more real-time and traditional  data warehouse tables become fresher as they are continuously refreshed by streaming ETL  jobs within seconds. Besides, a new type of federated system emerged that unifies domain-…
DER-TEE: Secure distributed energy resource operations through trusted execution environments | DJ Sebastian, U Agrawal, A Tamimi… - IEEE Internet of Things …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The high penetration of renewable energy means the grid is increasingly dependent on  consumer-owned devices operation, providing a growing nexus between the Internet of  Things (IoT) and the smart grid. However, these devices are much more vulnerable as they are …
Faults in linux 3. x | T Pathak - Login Usenix Mag, 2018 - usenix.org | Prior studies have used tools to find bugs in the Linux kernel versions 1 and 2. In this article,  I share the results for faults in 3. x versions. This study is a continuation of the work by Chou  et al.[1] for versions 1.0 to 2.4. 1 and Palix et al.[2a–c] for 2.6 versions. I explain the types of …
Prototyping optical Ethernet—a network for distributed data centers in the Edge Cloud | W Lautenschlaeger, L Dembeck… - Journal of Optical …, 2018 - osapublishing.org | Low latency requirements are driving the data center business into the metro area, the so-called  Edge Cloud. We investigate the new networking requirements and how they can be served  by our Optical Ethernet framework. We elaborate why the Edge Cloud requires true …
Research on routing strategy in cluster deduplication system | Q He, G Bian, W Zhang, F Zhang, S Duan, F Wu - IEEE Access, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | A cluster deduplication system can coordinate the work of multiple nodes, which can better  alleviate the disk index bottleneck existing in the large-scale data backup system. However,  there is a problem of isolated islands of information among nodes during data deduplication. …
Virtflex: Automatic adaptation to NUMA topology change for OpenMP applications | R Zhang, AL Cox, S Rixner - International Workshop on OpenMP, 2020 - Springer | Advances in PCI-Express and optical interconnects are making “rack-scale computers”  possible, but these computers will undoubtedly exhibit Non-Uniform Memory Access (NUMA)  latencies. Ideally, a hypervisor for rack-scale computers should be able to dynamically …
Framework for Digitally Managing Academic Records Using Blockchain Technology | R Dharmalingam, H Ugail… - Mobile Computing and …, 2022 - Springer | Research studies report that there are a growing number of falsified educational certificates  being produced by dishonest job seekers and higher education applicants across the world.  Technological development in the image-processing domain makes editing the document so …
A European economic policy mix to support the European project in the long term | M Landesmann - OUR EUROPEAN FUTURE - onala.free.fr | … The rules were designed with an asymmetric view of ‘externalities’: a strong weight was put  on the ‘moral hazard’that countries would misuse fiscal policy space, thereby placing a burden  on the Eurosystem as a whole (through the interest rate channel, and through a de facto …
Dependability Aspects in Configurable Embedded Operating Systems | H Schirmeier, C Borchert, M Hoffmann… - Dependable …, 2021 - library.oapen.org | Future hardware designs for embedded systems will exhibit more parallelism and energy  efficiency at the price of being less reliable, due to shrinking structure sizes, increased clock  frequencies, and lowered operating voltages [9]. In embedded control systems, the handling of …
SPMFS: A Scalable Persistent Memory File System on Optane Persistent Memory | Y Yang, Q Cao, J Yao, Y Dong, W Kong - 50th International Conference …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | The first commercial Non-Volatile Memory (NVM)(ie, Intel Optane DC Persistent Memory)  exhibits limited parallelism, especially for write operations, which is generally neglected by  existing NVM-aware file systems. Besides, the concurrent control of file systems also limits their …
Hyper dimension shuffle: Efficient data repartition at petabyte scale in scope | S Qiao, A Nicoara, J Sun, M Friedman, H Patel… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In distributed query processing, data shuffle is one of the most costly operations. We examined  scaling limitations to data shuffle that current systems and the research literature do not solve.  As the number of input and output partitions increases, naïve shuffling will result in high …
Leichtgewichtige Betriebssystemdienste für ressourcengewahre Anwendungen gekachelter Vielkernrechner | B Oechslein - 2018 - opus4.kobv.de | Die Rechenleistung von Einkernrechensystemen, welche in der Vergangenheit durch den  Einsatz von Techniken wie Fließbandverarbeitung, superskalaren Ausführungseinheiten oder  das Umordnen von Befehlssequenzen zur Laufzeit immer weiter gesteigert werden konnte, …
The case for a positive euro area inflation target: Evidence from France, Germany and Italy | K Adam, E Gautier, S Santoro… - Bank of Italy Temi di …, 2021 - papers.ssrn.com | … The micro price data used in our analysis has recently become available under the  Eurosystem’s PRISMA (Price-setting Microdata Analysis) research network. It is used for the  construction of the Euro Area’s Harmonized Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) and contains more …
Sgx-fs: Hardening a file system in user-space with intel sgx | D Burihabwa, P Felber, H Mercier… - … Conference on Cloud …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | File systems have long benefited from hardware acceleration to improve their performance.  In order to leverage such hardware capabilities, file systems rely on direct and trusted  support from the underlying operating system. However, this assumes that the OS and the …
Delay-aware energy efficient computation offloading for energy harvesting enabled fog radio access networks | X He, Y Chen, KK Chai - 2018 IEEE 87th Vehicular Technology …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Fog computing, also referred to mobile edge computing (MEC), has been recognized as an  effective technology to cope with the computation-intensive applications of mobile users. In  energy harvesting (EH) enabled fog-computing- based radio access networks (F-RANs), …
Unification of temporary storage in the nodekernel architecture | P Stuedi, A Trivedi, J Pfefferle, A Klimovic… - 2019 {USENIX} Annual …, 2019 - usenix.org | Efficiently exchanging temporary data between tasks is critical to the end-to-end performance  of many data processing frameworks and applications. Unfortunately, the diverse nature  of temporary data creates storage demands that often fall between the sweet spots of …
Application of blockchain in interoperable simulation for strategic decision making | AG Bruzzone, M Massei, K Sinelshchikov - Proceedings of the 2019 …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Blockchain is a modern and promising technology, it allows creation of distributed databases  which guarantee data integrity. Indeed, in different forms it is currently used in numerous  fields, from crypto currencies and Smart City to sharing of medical information and provenance …
Two-tier permission-ed and permission-less blockchain for secure data sharing | M Cash, M Bassiouni - 2018 IEEE International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The rise of popular cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum has increased the popularity  of blockchain technology, the framework these cryptocurrencies are built upon. The security  and access control that blockchain technology has provided for cryptocurrencies has peaked …
Containers for Virtualization: An Overview. | VG da Silva, M Kirikova, G Alksnis - Appl. Comput. Syst., 2018 - sciendo.com | Virtualization has enabled the commoditization of cloud computing, as the hardware resources  have become available to run different environments and share computing resources  amongst different enterprises. Two technology types are commonly used in virtualization of …
Capacity calculations in" Increased reproducibility and comparability of data leak evaluations using ExOT" | P Miedl, L Thiele - 2020 - research-collection.ethz.ch | To determine the channel capacity C, we need to find the λ that maximises Equation 14 subject  to the constraint in Equation 13. This is called water-filling procedure [2, 5]. It is important  to note that the constrained-input water-filling procedure assumes that the noise is white. …
HeuristicDB: a hybrid storage database system using a non-volatile memory block device | J Yang, B Li, DJ Lilja - Proceedings of the 14th ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Hybrid storage systems are widely used in big data fields to balance system performance and  cost. However, due to a poor understanding of the characteristics of database block requests,  past studies in this area cannot fully utilize the performance gain from emerging storage …
A Blockchain-Based Reconstruction Framework for UAV Network | G Qiao, Y Zhuang - International Conference on Security, Privacy and …, 2020 - Springer | With the popularity of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) and the development of the network  technology, the UAV network has become a new research hotspot. However, due to various  factors such as terrain, transmission distance, and hacker attacks, UAV network needs to …
Towards supporting millions of users in modifiable virtual environments by redesigning minecraft-like games as serverless systems | J Donkervliet, A Trivedi, A Iosup - … {USENIX} Workshop on Hot Topics in …, 2020 - usenix.org | How can Minecraft-like games become scalable cloud services? Hundreds of Minecraft-like  games, that is, games acting as modifiable virtual environments (MVEs), are currently  played by over 100 million players, but surprisingly they do not scale and are frequently not …
Adaptive Online Estimation of Thrashing-Avoiding Memory Reservations for Long-Lived Containers | J Lin, F Liu, Z Cai, Z Huang, W Li, N Xiao - International Conference on …, 2020 - Springer | Data-intensive computing systems in cloud datacenters create long-lived containers and  allocate memory resource for them to execute long-running applications. It is a challenge to  exactly estimate how much memory should be reserved for containers to enable smooth …
Pegasus: Tolerating skewed workloads in distributed storage with in-network coherence directories | J Li, J Nelson, E Michael, X Jin, DRK Ports - 14th {USENIX} Symposium …, 2020 - usenix.org | High performance distributed storage systems face the challenge of load imbalance caused  by skewed and dynamic workloads. This paper introduces Pegasus, a new storage system  that leverages new-generation programmable switch ASICs to balance load across storage …
Optimizing memory-mapped I/O for fast storage devices | A Papagiannis, G Xanthakis, G Saloustros… - 2020 {USENIX} Annual …, 2020 - usenix.org | Memory-mapped I/O provides several potential advantages over explicit read/write I/O,  especially for low latency devices:(1) It does not require a system call,(2) it incurs almost zero  overhead for data in memory (I/O cache hits), and (3) it removes copies between kernel and user …
Blockchain & IoT based Drugs Traceability for Pharma Industry | SD Nawale, RR Konapure - 2021 IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The delivery of medicine directly from the manufacturer to the end-user is the highest priority of  today's healthcare system. Several stakeholders, including distributors, suppliers, wholesalers,  and consumers, are involved in the pharmaceutical supply chain. However, verifying …
Extending the lifetime of NAND flash-based SSD through compacted write | HT Wu, TM Yang, P Huang… - International Journal of …, 2020 - inderscienceonline.com | In the traditional file system, the partial page write will result in internal fragmentation and write  amplification of NAND flash-based SSDs due to the page-alignment of write. Although large  page sizes are useful for increasing the flash capacity and throughput, they may decrease …
Evaluation of decentralized verifiable credentials to authenticate authorized trading partners and verify drug provenance | GL Ashkar, J de Jesus… - Blockchain in …, 2021 - blockchainhealthcaretoday.com | In 2013, the Drug Supply Chain Security Act (DSCSA) was signed into law to address the  growing threat of counterfeit drugs and to ensure prescription drugs remain safe and effective  for patients. As part of this law, US pharmaceutical supply chain stakeholders are required to …
Identification of Malicious Accounts in Facebook | PK Sahoo, K Lavanya - researchgate.net | In this modern world of internet age social networking is becoming popular day by day for  sharing of information and day to day communication. The social media has changed the way  people pursue their life and made it a part of their life to get connected with friends, family, …
Dynamic resource allocation for distributed tensorflow training in kubernetes cluster | RY Surya, AI Kistijantoro - 2019 International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Distributed deep learning training nowadays uses static resource allocation. Using parameter  server architecture, deep learning training is carried out by several parameter server (ps)  nodes and worker nodes, which have a constant amount throughout the training. Training job …
HaBiTs: Blockchain-based telesurgery framework for healthcare 4.0 | R Gupta, S Tanwar, S Tyagi, N Kumar… - 2019 international …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Telesurgery has a huge potential to deliver a real-time healthcare surgical services to the  remote or distant locations with high quality and accuracy over the wireless communication  channel. It provides benefits to the society with improved precision and accuracy in diagnosis …
Datacenter RPCs can be general and fast | A Kalia, M Kaminsky, D Andersen - 16th {USENIX} Symposium on …, 2019 - usenix.org | It is commonly believed that datacenter networking software must sacrifice generality to attain  high performance. The popularity of specialized distributed systems designed specifically  for niche technologies such as RDMA, lossless networks, FPGAs, and programmable …
Making It Easier to Encrypt Your Emails. | JS Koh, SM Bellovin, J Nieh - login Usenix Mag., 2019 - usenix.org | Steven M. Bellovin is Professor of Computer Science at Columbia University and affiliate faculty  at its law school. His research specializes in security, privacy, and related legal and policy  issues. He co-authored Firewalls and Internet Security, the first book on the subject. He is a …
Ambulance Vehicle Routing under Pandemic with Fuzzy Cooperative Game via Smart Contracts. | A Smirnov, N Teslya - VEHITS, 2021 - scitepress.org | The pandemic caused by COVID-19 virus has posed a challenge for healthcare systems in  many countries. One of the important tasks facing after a sick person detection is the timely  patient’s transportation to a hospital. When making a decision on transportation to the hospital, …
APSys 2020 開催報告 | 光来健一 - コンピュータソフトウェア, 2021 - jstage.jst.go.jp | 本稿は, 2020 年 8 月 24 日~ 25 日にかけてオンライン開催された 11th ACM SIGOPS Asia-Pacific  Workshop on Systems (APSys 2020) の開催報告である. APSys はシステムソフトウェアに関する トップレベルのワークショップであり, 毎年, 単独開催され, 採択率が低いことで知られている. …
블록체인을이용한클라우드및엣지노드통합데이터베이스 | 남기웅， 이상준 - 한국정보과학회학술발표논문집, 2018 - dbpia.co.kr | 최근 엣지 컴퓨팅은 클라우드 컴퓨팅과 IoT 기술을 더욱 발전시킬 수 있는 기술로 떠오르고 있다 . 기존의 클라우드 서버와 네트워크를 통해 연결된 IoT 디바이스 사용시, 클라우드 서버와  물리적 거리가 멀 경우 네트워크 전송 시간의 문제로 즉각적인 IoT 디바이스의 요구에 반응하기 …
Dependability Meets Data Analytics | S Bagchi - computer.org | We live in a data-driven world as everyone around has been telling us for some time. Everything  is generating data, in volumes and at high rates, from the sensors embedded in our physical  spaces to the large number of machines in data centers which are being monitored for a …
Controlling memory footprint of stateful streaming graph processing | P Vaziri, K Vora - 2021 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX …, 2021 - usenix.org | With growing interest in efficiently analyzing dynamic graphs, streaming graph processing  systems rely on stateful iterative models where they track the intermediate state as execution  progresses in order to incrementally adjust the results upon graph mutation. We observe that …
Fairness metrics and bias mitigation strategies for rating predictions | A Ashokan, C Haas - Information Processing & Management, 2021 - Elsevier | Algorithm fairness is an established line of research in the machine learning domain with  substantial work while the equivalent in the recommender system domain is relatively new.  In this article, we consider rating-based recommender systems which model the …
An In-Depth Analysis of Cloud Block Storage Workloads in Large-Scale Production | J Li, Q Wang, PPC Lee, C Shi - 2020 IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Cloud block storage systems support diverse types of applications in modern cloud services.  Characterizing their I/O activities is critical for guiding better system designs and  optimizations. In this paper, we present an in-depth analysis of production cloud block storage …
Version Control Is for Your Data Too | G Kaki, KC Sivaramakrishnan… - 3rd Summit on …, 2019 - drops.dagstuhl.de | Programmers regularly use distributed version control systems (DVCS) such as Git to facilitate  collaborative software development. The primary purpose of a DVCS is to maintain integrity  of source code in the presence of concurrent, possibly conflicting edits from collaborators. …
An Effective Grouping Method for Unstructured Data Based on Swift | M Dai, D Zhu - Proceedings of the 2018 International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Unstructured data is one of the most prominent buzzwords of this era, and from the business to  the personal computer, unstructured data is ubiquitous and growing exponentially, managing  these data and improving the access performance of these unstructured data is Critical. …
A Study on Copyright Usage Permission Platform Based on Blockchain for Distribution of Theme, Background and Signal Music | Y Kim, B Park, S Jang, SY Kim - Journal of the Semiconductor & …, 2021 - koreascience.or.kr | The current settlement and distribution used in theme, background and signal music market  other than conventional music is being carried out with either the comprehensive settlement  method or the measured meter-rate settlement method in the payment process of collected …
Access Control in the Era of Big-Data Driven Models and Simulations | A Tall, C Zou, J Wang - … , Simulation and Education Conference (I/ITSEC), 2019 - par.nsf.gov | In today’s mobile-first, cloud-enabled world, where simulation-enabled training is designed  for use anywhere and from multiple different types of devices, new paradigms are needed to  control access to sensitive data. Large, distributed data sets sourced from a wide-variety of …
Estimating the memory consumption of big data applications based on program analysis | Z HU, X SHI, Z KE, H JIN… - SCIENTIA SINICA …, 2020 - engine.scichina.com | Many distributed in-memory data-processing systems such as Flink and Spark suffer from  serious memory issues, including limited memory resources shared by many users or groups,  which aggravates the competition for memory resources. If a user application is allocated …
A network coding based information spreading approach for permissioned blockchain in IoT settings | M Cebe, B Kaplan, K Akkaya - Proceedings of the 15th EAI International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Permissioned Blockchain (PBC) has become a prevalent data structure to ensure that the  records are immutable and secure. However, PBC still has significant challenges before it  can be realized in different applications. One of such challenges is the overhead of the …
Rusty: Runtime system predictability leveraging lstm neural networks | D Masouros, S Xydis, D Soudris - IEEE Computer Architecture …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Modern cloud scale data-centers are adopting workload co-location as an effective mechanism  for improving resource utilization. However, workload co-location is stressing resource  availability in unconventional and unpredictable manner. Efficient resource management …
TEGRA: Efficient Ad-Hoc Analytics on Evolving Graphs. | AP Iyer, Q Pu, K Patel, JE Gonzalez, I Stoica - NSDI, 2021 - usenix.org | Several emerging evolving graph application workloads demand support for efficient ad-hoc  analytics—the ability to perform ad-hoc queries on arbitrary time windows of the graph. We  present TEGRA, a system that enables efficient adhoc window operations on evolving graphs…
OMBM-ML: efficient memory bandwidth management for ensuring QoS and improving server utilization | H Sung, J Min, D Koo, H Eom - Cluster Computing, 2021 - Springer | As cloud data centers are dramatically growing, various applications are moved to cloud  data centers owing to cost benefits for maintenance and hardware resources. However,  latency-critical workloads among them suffer from some problems to fully achieve the cost-…
A Swapping Red-black Tree for Wear-leveling of Non-volatile Memory | M Jeong, E Lee - The Journal of The Institute of Internet …, 2019 - koreascience.or.kr | For recent decades, Non-volatile Memory (NVM) technologies have been drawing a high  attention both in industry and academia due to its high density and short latency comparable  to that of DRAM. However, NVM devices has write endurance problem and thus the current …
Practical client-side replication: weak consistency semantics for insecure settings | A van der Linde, J Leitão, N Preguiça - Proceedings of the VLDB …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Client-side replication and direct client-to-client synchronization can be used to create highly  available, low-latency interactive applications. Causal consistency, the strongest available  consistency model under network partitions, is an attractive consistency model for these …
Automap: Towards Ergonomic Automated Parallelism for ML Models | M Schaarschmidt, D Grewe, D Vytiniotis… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2021 - arxiv.org | The rapid rise in demand for training large neural network architectures has brought into focus  the need for partitioning strategies, for example by using data, model, or pipeline parallelism.  Implementing these methods is increasingly supported through program primitives, but …
PrismDB: Read-aware log-structured merge trees for heterogeneous storage | A Raina, A Cidon, K Jamieson… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | In recent years, emerging hardware storage technologies have focused on divergent goals:  better performance or lower cost-per-bit of storage. Correspondingly, data systems that employ  these new technologies are optimized either to be fast (but expensive) or cheap (but slow)…
Instant Virtual Machine Live Migration | B Egger - researchgate.net | Live migration of virtual machines (VMs) is an important tool for data center operators to  achieve maintenance, power management, and load balancing. The relatively high cost of  live migration makes it difficult to employ live migration for rapid load balancing or power …
Enabling enterprise blockchain interoperability with trusted data transfer (industry track) | E Abebe, D Behl, C Govindarajan, Y Hu… - Proceedings of the 20th …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The adoption of permissioned blockchain networks in enterprise settings has seen an increase  in growth over the past few years. While encouraging, this is leading to the emergence of  new data, asset and process silos limiting the potential value these networks bring to the …
A smart-contract-based blockchain for a healthcare IoT network | A Mukhopadhyay, R Vinayaka - International Journal of …, 2021 - inderscienceonline.com | The demand for IoT systems in healthcare services is increasing widely and the data generated  from these networks should be transferred and stored in a highly secure manner. Blockchain  technology helps in maintaining the privacy and integrity of the electronic health records …
ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD USING BLOCKCHAIN AND OFF CHAIN STORAGE: A SYSTEMATIC REVIEW | P Joshi, P Gokhale - INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY IN INDUSTRY, 2021 - it-in-industry.org | The Blockchain was introduced by Bitcoin [1] for maintaining financial transaction; many  researches are going on, to extend the use of blockchain technology in non-financial  application. Healthcare domain is a promising industry in which blockchain can have important …
