Demonstration of the trapped-ion quantum CCD computer architecture | JM Pino, JM Dreiling, C Figgatt, JP Gaebler, SA Moses… - Nature, 2021 - nature.com | … architecture—a scalable trap design, parallel interaction zones and fast ion transport—into  a programmable trapped-ion quantum computer that has a system performance … These  results demonstrate that the QCCD architecture provides a viable path towards high-performance …
A new golden age for computer architecture | JL Hennessy, DA Patterson - Communications of the ACM, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Although the EPIC approach worked well for highly structured floating-point programs, it  struggled to achieve high performance for integer programs that had less predictable cache  misses or less-predictable branches. As Donald Knuth later noted:21 “The Itanium approach ... …
FPGA-based high-performance parallel architecture for homomorphic computing on encrypted data | SS Roy, F Turan, K Jarvinen… - … on high performance …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper we presented a programmable and highperformance domain specific  architecture for computing homomorphic operations on ciphertext. We applied the recent  arithmetic optimization techniques proposed by Halevi, Polyakov and Shoup to avoid costly multi-…
Eflops: Algorithm and system co-design for a high performance distributed training platform | J Dong, Z Cao, T Zhang, J Ye, S Wang… - … High Performance …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … • We propose EFLOPS as the architecture for highperformance training, which revises  traditional architecture of data center servers and network topology to mitigate the traffic  congestions within servers and beyond. • We propose BiGraph topology and the topology-aware …
A survey of machine learning applied to computer architecture design | DD Penney, L Chen - arXiv preprint arXiv:1909.12373, 2019 - arxiv.org | … computer architecture enables ML and, simultaneously, ML improves computer architecture,  closing a positive-feedback loop with vast potential for both fields. Traditionally, the relationship  between computer … Peh, and AP Chandrakasan, “Quest for highperformance bufferless …
Tresnet: High performance gpu-dedicated architecture | T Ridnik, H Lawen, A Noy… - … of Computer …, 2021 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … In this work, we introduce a series of architecture modifications that aim to boost neural networks'  accuracy, while retaining their GPU training and inference efficiency. We first demonstrate  and discuss the bottlenecks induced by FLOPs oriented optimizations. We then suggest …
The Influence of Computer Architecture on Performance and Scaling for Hypersonic Flow Simulations | DA Kessler, RF Johnson, K Obenschain… - AIAA Scitech 2021 …, 2021 - arc.aiaa.org | … We explore several high performance computing systems containing IntelR … suited to  specific architectures than others. In this paper, we take a step toward answering these questions  by analyzing the architecture-dependent computational performance of several hypersonic …
RISC-V Reward: Building Out-of-Order Processors in a Computer Architecture Design Course with an Open-Source ISA | SA Zekany, J Tan, JA Connelly… - … Symposium on Computer …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … high performance in the data center and in mobile and embedded devices is driving  increasing complexity and novel designs in computer architecture… Features such as multi-level  caching, cache coherence protocols, and simultaneous multi-threading increase performance but …
A high-performance design of generalized pipeline cellular array | Z Chu, H Tian, Z Li, Y Xia… - … Computer Architecture …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … HIGH-SPEED and low area-overhead cellular array designs for arithmetic operations have  attracted considerable interest for computer architecture. The cellular array usually consists  of identical arithmetic cells or units connected in an iterative array pattern. With the transistor …
Quantum computer architecture: Towards full-stack quantum accelerators | K Bertels, A Sarkar, T Hubregtsen… - … , Automation & Test …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … computer architecture to enable creating a new computational device - a quantum computer  as an accelerator. A key question addressed is what such a quantum computer … The cQASM  represents the instruction set that can be executed by the micro-architecture implemented in …
GoSPA: an energy-efficient high-performance globally optimized sparse convolutional neural network accelerator | C Deng, Y Sui, S Liao, X Qian… - … on Computer Architecture …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … architecture as GoSPA, an energy-efficient highperformance Globally Optimized SParse  CNN accelerator. We implement a 8-PE GoSPA hardware architecture… ,” in High Performance  Computer Architecture (HPCA), 2016 IEEE International Symposium on. IEEE, 2016, pp. 1–13. …
Proto-cluster: A Parallel Computer Architecture Based on Prototyping Boards | N Ádám, M Hulič, E Chovancová… - 2018 16th …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … of parallel architectures. Modern multi-core CPUs, grid and cluster systems, and GPU  architectures offer high performance, but their cost is very high. The … This paper shows the  possibility to use prototyping board to build a parallel computer architecture. The presented parallel …
Advanced Computer Architecture | M Al-Hashimi - hashimi.org | … project further explores the GPU as a modern finegrained massively parallel architecture. …  rules of supercomputer design, modern supercomputing and high-performance applications…  AS Dzurak, Silicon CMOS architecture for a spin-based quantum computer, Nature Commu- …
Lecture notes for Parallelism in Computer Architecture Subject: Computer Architecture | TC PageNo, P Test-MCQtype, PMCQ Test - kanchiuniv.ac.in | … computer architecture adds a new dimension in the development of computer system by using  more and more number ofprocessors. ✓ In principle, performance … The hardware clusters  help in sharing of high performance disks between the systems. The software clusters makes …
Computer Architecture for Big Data. | B Parhami - 2019 - ece.ucsb.edu | … The field of computer architecture has advanced for several decades along the mainstream  line of analyzing general applications and making hardware faster and more efficient in handling  the common case while being less concerned with rare cases which have limited impact …
PsPIN: A high-performance low-power architecture for flexible in-network compute | S Di Girolamo, A Kurth, A Calotoiu, T Benz… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … ] defines a unified programming model and architecture for network acceleration beyond  simple … It defines a flexible and programmable network instruction set architecture (NISA) that  not … In this work, we define an open-source high-performance and low-power microarchitecture …
AI for Computer Architecture: Principles, Practice, and Prospects | L Chen, D Penney, D Jiménez - … on Computer Architecture, 2020 - morganclaypool.com | … Synthesis Lectures on Computer Architecture publishes 50- to 100-page books on topics  pertaining to the science and art of designing, … meet functional, performance, and cost goals.  The scope will largely follow the purview of premier computer architecture conferences, such as …
A multi-neural network acceleration architecture | E Baek, D Kwon, J Kim - … Symposium on Computer Architecture …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we propose AI-MultiTasking (AI-MT), a novel accelerator architecture which  enables a cost-effective, highperformance multi-neural network execution. The key idea of AI-MT  is to fully utilize the accelerator’s computation resources and memory bandwidth by …
Tensor casting: Co-designing algorithm-architecture for personalized recommendation training | Y Kwon, Y Lee, M Rhu - … -Performance Computer Architecture  …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … embedding layer training as one of the most significant performance bottlenecks. We then  propose our algorithm-architecture co-design called Tensor Casting, which enables the  development of a generic accelerator architecture for tensor gather-scatter that encompasses all …
50 years of computer architecture: From the mainframe cpu to the domain-specific tpu and the open risc-v instruction set | D Patterson - 2018 IEEE International Solid-State Circuits …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Figure 1.4.5 illustrates Roofline Performance models for six neural network applications that  … Performance model [14] for high-performance computer modelling illustrates the effectiveness  of the applications. This simple visual model offers insights into the causes of performance …
A High-Performance Parallel Hardware Architecture of SHA-256 Hash in ASIC | R Wu, X Zhang, M Wang, L Wang - 2020 22nd International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The proposed high performance parallel computation hardware architecture of SHA-256  is 3 times faster than the standard architecture as we expected. The area cost to achieve this  improvement is 2.90 times compare to standard SHA-256, which is because there are reused …
Tensor comprehensions: Framework-agnostic high-performance machine learning abstractions | N Vasilache, O Zinenko, T Theodoridis, P Goyal… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … Furthermore, even if there is an existing runtime call these frameworks can use, it often does  not offer optimal performance for a user’s particular network architecture and dataset, missing  optimizations between operators as well as optimizations that can be done knowing the …
UPC Architecture for High-Performance Computational Hydrodynamics | TT Vu, AWZ Chew, AWK Law - Advances in Hydroinformatics, 2018 - Springer | … The data structure together with the discretization is uniquely arranged for UPC architecture  using blocked-cyclic techniques and … performance with an SGI UV-2000 server of 100 cores.  The speedup results confirm the high efficiency of the proposed computer architecture as …
Photonic switching in high performance datacenters | Q Cheng, S Rumley, M Bahadori, K Bergman - Optics express, 2018 - osapublishing.org | … Photonic switches are increasingly considered for insertion in high performance datacenter  architectures to meet the growing performance demands of interconnection networks.  We provide an overview of photonic switching technologies and develop an evaluation …
High-Performance Logic and Memory Devices Based on a Dual-Gated MoS2 Architecture | F Liao, Z Guo, Y Wang, Y Xie, S Zhang… - ACS Applied …, 2019 - ACS Publications | … In this study, a DG architecture with symmetric BG and TG is developed for MoS 2 FETs.  Compared to typical single-gated (SG) MoS 2 … We extensively investigated a symmetric DG  architecture for MoS 2 FETs. Compared with the SG MoS 2 FET, the primary advantages of the …
A new golden age in computer architecture: Empowering the machine-learning revolution | J Dean, D Patterson, C Young - IEEE Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … inexhaustible demand for computing cycles, computer architecture is nearing the end of Moore…  Computer Architecture: A Quantitative Approach.” His primary research interest is domain-specific  computer architectures for machine learning and in open instruction set architectures…
Poster: A novel shared memory framework for distributed deep learning in high-performance computing architecture | S Ahn, J Kim, S Kang - 2018 IEEE/ACM 40th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … performance in various applications such as image recognition, voice recognition, and text  mining [2, 3]. Large-scale deep learning requires high-performance … learning parameters  sharing with massage-passing interface (MPI) and SMB in high performance computing servers. …
CryoCore: A fast and dense processor architecture for cryogenic computing | I Byun, D Min, G Lee, S Na, J Kim - … on Computer Architecture  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—Cryogenic computing can achieve high performance and power efficiency by  dramatically reducing the device’s leakage power … However, little research has been conducted  to develop a cryogenic-optimal core architecture despite its high potentials in performance, …
Wait of a decade: Did spec cpu 2017 broaden the performance horizon? | R Panda, S Song, J Dean… - … Performance Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper provides the first detailed analysis of SPEC CPU2017 benchmark suite for the  architecture community. … Therefore, CPI stacks can be used to identify sources of micro-architecture  inefficiencies. We follow the topdown performance analysis methodology to collect the …
Revisiting hyperdimensional learning for fpga and low-power architectures | M Imani, Z Zou, S Bosch, SA Rao… - … High-Performance …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we proposed a novel architecture, LookHD, which enables real-time HDC  learning on low-power edge devices. LookHD … We present how the proposed architecture  can be implemented on the existing low power architectures: ARM processor and FPGA design…
A high-performance round-robin regular expression matching architecture based on FPGA | J Yang, L Jiang, X Bai, H Peng… - 2018 IEEE Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We present a ultra-high-throughput DFA accelerated architecture based on three ideas: SSMT,  DDRR, and Multi-path Speculation. 1) The SSMT … Since its matching process is in serial,  its matching performance is low. So we propose a high performance architecture in the next …
Fault Tolerance: An Approach Toward a Hybrid Fault Tolerance Framework Within a Distributed Computer Architecture | C O'Flaherty, L Hyman, M Hodgson… - ECCWS 2020 20th …, 2020 - books.google.com | The increasing reliance on technical systems to achieve a desired level of organisational  performance has significantly decreased the margin for system-related errors. The greater the  number of interactions encountered by technical systems to provide the required functionality, …
NOCA—A Notification-Oriented Computer Architecture: Prototype and Simulator | RR Linhares, LF Pordeus, JM Simao… - IEEE Access, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … All these implementations have been absolutely important to demonstrate a set of NOP  properties, such as declarative high-level implementation, implicit entity decoupling allowing  parallelism and distribution, actual avoidance of entity redundancy allowing high performance in …
Anomaly detection using autoencoders in high performance computing systems | A Borghesi, A Bartolini, M Lombardi, M Milano… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - ojs.aaai.org | … We propose a novel approach for anomaly detection in High Performance Computing  systems based on a Machine (Deep) Learning … Design of an energy aware petaflops class  high performance cluster based on power architecture. In 2017 IEEE International Parallel and …
High-performance CNN accelerator on FPGA using unified winograd-GEMM architecture | S Kala, BR Jose, J Mathew… - IEEE Transactions on Very …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … [20] have developed an analytical performance model for the GEMM on a multiarray  architecture. This model can be modified to evaluate the performance of the Winograd algorithm  on our proposed modified multiarray architecture. Let Np be the number of PE arrays working in …
Scheduling computation and communication on a software-defined photonic Network-on-Chip architecture for high-performance real-time systems | H Temuçin, KM İmre - Journal of Systems Architecture, 2018 - Elsevier | … Parallel computer architecture … In this section, we evaluate the communication performance  of the proposed system architecture. In the proposed approach, there are two kinds of  communication phases: I/O communication and internode communication. The I/O communication …
Sparch: Efficient architecture for sparse matrix multiplication | Z Zhang, H Wang, S Han… - … Performance Computer …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Generalized Sparse Matrix-Matrix Multiplication (SpGEMM) is a ubiquitous task in various  engineering and scientific applications. However, inner product based SpGEMM introduces  redundant input fetches for mismatched nonzero operands, while outer product based …
Interactive form-generation in high-performance architecture theory | A Kia, M Mahdavinejad - International Journal of Architecture and …, 2020 - ijaud.srbiau.ac.ir | … interactive architecture as a part of performance-based design in contemporary architecture.  … The results of the research show that interactive architecture is an umbrella to address a …  that the interactive architecture branched off from high-performance architecture theory. The …
Real-time expert systems computer architecture | RF Hodson, A Kandel - 2018 - taylorfrancis.com | … The integration of real-time systems and expert systems impose new requirements on  computer architectures. A real-time expert system must be able to process critical events in a  timely fashion, handle uncertain data, degrade gracefully, and process knowledge efficiently. …
Toward a High-Performance and Low-Loss Clos–Benes-Based Optical Network-on-Chip Architecture | R Yao, Y Ye - IEEE Transactions on Computer-Aided Design of …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … to the overall performance. However, on-chip networks based on electronic switches suffer  from excessive power consumption and limited performance. In order to take advantages of  optical interconnect, we propose an optimized design toward a highperformance and low-loss …
ARSENAL: Architecture for secure non-volatile memories | S Swami, K Mohanram - IEEE Computer Architecture Letters, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This increases memory traffic and negatively impacts system performance and memory  lifetime. Architecture for Secure Non-Volatile Memories (ARSENAL) is an IDR-preserving, low  cost, high performance security solution that protects NVM systems against data confidentiality …
Principles of computer architecture | VP Heuring, MJ Murdocca - 2021 - debracollege.dspaces.org | … This emphasis reflects a transition that is taking place in many computer related undergraduate  curricula. As computer architectures … High performance methods such as carry-lookahead  addition, array multiplication, and division by functional iteration are covered. A short …
QuEST and high performance simulation of quantum computers | T Jones, A Brown, I Bush, SC Benjamin - Scientific reports, 2019 - nature.com | … architectures typically available to a researcher, thus facilitating the seamless deployment  of the researcher’s code. This universal support also allows the researcher to easily compare  the performance of the different architectures … QuEST, a new high performance open source …
A high-performance VLSI architecture of the PRESENT cipher and its implementations for SoCs | JG Pandey, T Goel, M Nayak… - 2018 31st IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … a highperformance and power-efficient VLSI architecture for the PRESENT block cipher and  its integration in a system-onchip (SoC) environment. The architecture is … In comparison to  an exiting architecture, the proposed architecture provides improved performance. Further, an …
A Strategy for Architecture Design of Crystalline Perovskite Light‐Emitting Diodes with High Performance | Y Shi, W Wu, H Dong, G Li, K Xi, G Divitini… - Advanced …, 2018 - Wiley Online Library | … To gain basic information in our high‐performance device architecture, we also took SEM  images at different stages of the fabrication a) ITO/LiF/… The performance of PeLEDs with IPI  structure was compared with three control device architectures. The configurations of the three …
Energy-efficient and high-performance NoC architecture and mapping solution for deep neural networks | MF Reza, P Ampadu - Proceedings of the 13th IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … A multi-core architecture on 3X3 NoC is illustrated in Figure 1 where heterogeneous  processor tiles are placed in a 2D grid. Each tile … In this work, our main goal is to achieve  energy-efficient and high-performance (improves the parallelism) NoC architecture and mapping …
Big data service architecture: a survey | J Wang, Y Yang, T Wang, RS Sherratt… - Journal of Internet …, 2020 - jit.ndhu.edu.tw | … This paper first briefly introduces the general big data service architecture and the technical  … based on big data, which provides high performance solutions for large-scale data storage,  … as Internet of vehicles, novel computer architectures, Indoor localization and road anomaly …
Energy Efficient and High Performance Modified Mesh based 2-D NoC Architecture | BNK Reddy, S Kar - … High Performance Switching and Routing …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … architecture is introduced and proposed an effective mapping algorithm, which maps the  cores in the modified NoC architecture based on a core efficient region (CER) to enhance the  processor performance … Energy-efficient as well as high-performance core mapping of NoC is …
Performance and fairness improvement on cmps considering bandwidth and cache utilization | T Marinakis, I Anagnostopoulos - IEEE Computer Architecture …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … technique for commodity multicores,” in IEEE International Symposium on High Performance  Computer Architecture (HPCA), 2018. [17] JD McCalpin, “A survey of memory bandwidth and  machine balance in current high performance computers,” IEEE TCCA Newsletter, 1995. …
SpAtten: Efficient Sparse Attention Architecture with Cascade Token and Head Pruning | H Wang, Z Zhang, S Han - … -Performance Computer Architecture …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Thus we design hardware architecture with high parallelism top-k engines for token/head …  Model Architecture with SpAtten. Besides the experiments above that leverage existing model  architecture, we also explore the potentials of co-designing SpAtten with model architecture …
Adaptive task aggregation for high-performance sparse solvers on GPUs | AE Helal, AM Aji, ML Chu… - … Parallel Architectures …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … These solvers remain challenging to execute on massively parallel architectures, due to  the sequential dependencies between the fine-… We propose adaptive task aggregation (ATA)  to efficiently execute such irregular computations on GPU architectures via hierarchical …
Reliability-aware data placement for heterogeneous memory architecture | M Gupta, V Sridharan, D Roberts… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This property raises the possibility of devising placement schemes that preserve both  reliability and performance on a heterogeneous memory architecture – that is, we can operate  in the top right region of Figure 1, a region inaccessible to purely performance-focused …
Softsku: Optimizing server architectures for microservice diversity@ scale | A Sriraman, A Dhanotia, TF Wenisch - … on Computer Architecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We collect most system-level performance data using an internal tool called Operational Data  Store (ODS) [35–37]. ODS enables retrieval, … , we use myriad processor performance counters.  We collect data with Intel’s EMON [39]—a performance monitoring and profiling tool that …
Mnnfast: A fast and scalable system architecture for memory-augmented neural networks | H Jang, J Kim, JE Jo, J Lee, J Kim - … on Computer Architecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … the performance problems of the current architecture by conducting extensive performance  bot… • High performance from novel solutions. MnnFast significantly improves the reasoning …  In 2018 IEEE International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA). …
CEMulti-core architecture for optimization of energy over heterogeneous environment with high performance smart sensor devices | A Suresh, A Reyana, R Varatharajan - Wireless Personal Communications, 2018 - Springer | … (CESWSN): The proposed (CESWSN) CESingle-core Wireless Sensor Network Architecture  maximizes the performance while execution and … CESWSN architecture satisfies the  computational requirements over wide range of wireless sensor applications and the architecture …
Platonica: an efficient and high-performance dual-centric data center network architecture | S Nasirian, F Faghani - Cluster Computing, 2021 - Springer | … Thus, data center network architecture must present an efficient interconnection …  performance efficiency of the data center network architecture has a considerable effect on  the customer satisfaction level of different applications and services. Hence, designing high-performance …
DeACT: Architecture-Aware Virtual Memory Support for Fabric Attached Memory Systems | VR Kommareddy, C Hughes… - … High-Performance …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We observe that significant performance overheads can be incurred when naively implementing  state-ofthe-art implementations of two-level translation in the context of FAM architectures.  Hence, in this paper, we focus on optimizing the implementation of virtual memory support …
High-performance GPU transactional memory via eager conflict detection | X Ren, M Lis - … on High Performance Computer Architecture  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … a few warps per core to avoid high abort rates, and TM performance has remained far below  that of fine-… In this paper, we show that value-based validation does not scale to high thread  counts, and … Unfortunately, high-performance parallel applications with fine-grained locks are …
Demonstration of the QCCD trapped-ion quantum computer architecture | JM Pino, JM Dreiling, C Figgatt, JP Gaebler… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - honeywell.com | … Loading the trap with four ions of each species, we show that high fidelity gate operations can  be performed in parallel on two four-ion … Using randomized benchmarking we demonstrate  high-fidelity single-qubit and two-qubit gates in the two zones and show that the cross-talk …
Dcs-ctrl: a fast and flexible device-control mechanism for device-centric server architecture | D Kwon, J Ahn, D Chae, M Ajdari, J Lee… - … Architecture (ISCA), 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Such intermediate processing can be easily offloaded to an FPGA and achieves the high  performance with the low FPGA resource overhead. To check the FPGA resource requirement  for NDPs, we implement and synthesize them on Xilinx Virtex 7 FPGA using Xilinx Vivado …
SDN‐based architecture for providing quality of service to high‐performance distributed applications | AT Oliveira, BJCA Martins, MF Moreno… - … Journal of Network …, 2021 - Wiley Online Library | … architecture for high-performance distributed applications that exploits the SDN paradigm  capabilities. The proposed model is able to reserve network resources and prioritize data traffic  through an efficient communication platform. Our new architecture … Services architecture (…
Mapim: Mat parallelism for high performance processing in non-volatile memory architecture | J Sim, M Kim, Y Kim, S Gupta… - … on Quality Electronic …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … due to limitations to the size of SA, resulting in much lower performance. In this paper, we  propose a high-performance PIM architecture which enables the simultaneous execution of  the PIM operations for multiple BLs. Baseline NVM architecture is based on the work in [13], [16] …
Stitch: Fusible heterogeneous accelerators enmeshed with many-core architecture for wearables | C Tan, M Karunaratne, T Mitra… - … on Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The ASIC accelerators with high performance/watt suffer from high non-recurring engineering  costs… architecture will lead to huge area and power overheads, which is clearly infeasible  in resource-constrained wearables. In this paper, we propose Stitch, a many-core architecture …
A domain-specific architecture for deep neural networks | NP Jouppi, C Young, N Patil, D Patterson - Communications of the ACM, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … -2015 GPU memory would go three times faster and boost the performance/Watt advantage  to nearly 70× over the K80 and 200× over Haswell. For at least the past decade, computer  architecture researchers have been publishing innovations based on simulations using limited …
There's plenty of room at the Top: What will drive computer performance after Moore's law? | CE Leiserson, NC Thompson, JS Emer… - …, 2020 - science.sciencemag.org | … In this review, we discuss alternative avenues for growth in computer performance after  Moore’s … We divide the Top into three layers: (i) hardware architecture—programmable digital  circuits … As we shall see in the Hardware architecture section, architectures are likely to become …
Reconfigurable logic interface architecture for cpu-fpga accelerators | F Khalili, M Procaccini, R Giorgi - HiPEAC ACACES, 2018 - core.ac.uk | … This paper presents two possible design as reconfigurable logic interface architectures to be  employed as a high performance interface module in programmable … Both of these  architectures communicate to programmble logic accelerators through the data stream channels. …
Smarco: An efficient many-core processor for high-throughput applications in datacenters | D Fan, W Li, X Ye, D Wang, H Zhang… - … on High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we propose a novel architecture, called SmarCo, which allows high-throughput  applications to be processed more efficiently … characteristics of high-throughput applications,  we implement large-scale many-core architecture with in-pair threads to support high-…
Unexpected performance of Intel® Optane™ DC persistent memory | T Mason, TD Doudali, M Seltzer… - … Computer Architecture …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … high-performance computing benchmark suite and controlling for mapped page size, we  evaluate persistent meemory (PMEM) performance … We observed using large pages for PMEM  and small pages for DRAM can create a 5x difference in performance, dwarfing other effects …
Exploring high-performance processor architecture beyond the exascale | XH Xie, X Jia - Frontiers of Information Technology & Electronic …, 2018 - Springer | … Based on the SW26010 and Sunway TaihuLight, we analyze the processor architecture  and applications executed on the system, leading to the following three goals of architecture  design for highperformance processors beyond the exascale: effective performance scaling, …
QWEB: high-performance event-driven web architecture with QAT acceleration | J Li, X Hu, D Qian, C Wei, G McFadden… - … on Parallel and …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … high-performance SSL/TLS asynchronous offload mode to eliminate the blockings and allow  concurrent offloading of crypto tasks, along with a heuristic polling scheme and a kernelbypass  notification. 3) We design a high-performance … interests include computer architecture, dis…
High performance scalable hardware SOM architecture for real-time vector quantization | S Jovanović, H Rabah, S Weber - 2018 IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this work, a high performance scalable and adaptable hardware SOM architecture  allowing real-time vector quantization is presented. The high performances have been obtained  by first, reducing the size of the network used for data exchange between neurons and second, …
Floatpim: In-memory acceleration of deep neural network training with high precision | M Imani, S Gupta, Y Kim… - … on Computer Architecture  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Our proposed design optimizes each of the basic operations to provide high performance.  For example, for the convolution which … architecture. FloatPIM further accelerates the feedforward  and back-propagation by fully utilizing the parallelism provided in the PIM architecture, eg…
Compact and programmable yet high-performance SoC architecture for cryptographic pairings | M Bahadori, K Järvinen - 2020 30th International Conference …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Hence, there is a clear need for flexible highperformance implementations that can be used  for efficiently computing different … programmable SoC architecture for cryptographic pairings  that achieves high performance and very good speed-area tradeoff. The architecture is …
A fault-tolerant neural network architecture | T Liu, W Wen, L Jiang, Y Wang… - 2019 56th ACM/IEEE …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … our proposed fault-tolerant architecture FTNNA to each weightdistorted neural network  model and measure its average accuracy. Monte-… In 2018 IEEE International Symposium on  High Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA). IEEE, 52–65. [10] Song Han, Huizi Mao, and …
Quicknn: Memory and performance optimization of kd tree based nearest neighbor search for 3d point clouds | R Pinkham, S Zeng, Z Zhang - … on High Performance Computer …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We demonstrate the performance and memory-optimized QuickNN architecture on FPGA  and perform exhaustive benchmarking, showing … sized architecture performing an exact  search. Finally, we show that QuickNN achieves two orders of magnitude performance per watt …
A study of complex deep learning networks on high-performance, neuromorphic, and quantum computers | TE Potok, C Schuman, S Young, R Patton… - ACM Journal on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … high performance computer we are using is the ORNL’s Titan computer with roughly 300,000  cores and 18,000 GPUs. This is currently the fastest open science computer … a new deep  learning architecture based on the unique capabilities of the quantum, high performance, and …
pPIM: A programmable processor-in-memory architecture with precision-scaling for deep learning | PR Sutradhar, M Connolly, S Bavikadi… - … Architecture Letters, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The PIM architecture proposed in this work is designed to perform data-intensive  applications such as CNNs and DNNs. This architecture … In this paper we present the design  of a programmable PIM architecture, implemented with LUTs on a DRAM platform that can be …
Extending the power architecture with transprecision co-processors | H Giefers, D Diamantopoulos - 2018 IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—Approximate Computing is an emerging computer architecture paradigm  which allows to trade off machine accuracy for energy efficiency. Initial studies have shown  that Approximate Computing can significantly reduce the energy consumption of …
Applied machine learning at facebook: A datacenter infrastructure perspective | K Hazelwood, S Bird, D Brooks… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Machine learning sits at the core of many essential products and services at Facebook. This  paper describes the hardware and software infrastructure that supports machine learning at  global scale. Facebook's machine learning workloads are extremely diverse: services …
Efficient data supply for parallel heterogeneous architectures | TJ Ham, JL Aragón, M Martonosi - ACM Transactions on Architecture …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Decoupling techniques have been proposed to reduce the amount of memory latency exposed  to highperformance accelerators as they … Decoupled access/execute computer architectures.  In Proceedings of the 9th Annual Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA’82). 8. …
Machine learning at facebook: Understanding inference at the edge | CJ Wu, D Brooks, K Chen, D Chen… - … High Performance …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Furthermore, this view of the world poses a new, real challenge for systems and computer  architecture researchers – proposed mobile hardware optimizations and accelerators need  to consider the long IP lifetime. We observe a similar multi-core trend as desktop and server …
Analyzing Secure Memory Architecture for GPUs | S Yuan, AWB Yudha, Y Solihin… - … on Performance Analysis …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … high performance overheads because GPUs are designed to be latency tolerant. Actually,  our results show that direct encryption can perform better than countermode encryption even  with a high … detailed performance analysis of different secure memory architecture designs for …
High-performance reconfigurable computing | MP Vestias - … and Technologies in Network Architecture, Mobile …, 2019 - igi-global.com | … In this section HPRC, examples of fine and coarse-grained reconfigurable computing  architectures are described in the context of high performance computing. Fine-grained high-performance  reconfigurable computers consist of basically one or more FPGAs for hardware …
How good is the OpenPOWER architecture for high-performance CPU-oriented weather forecasting applications? | R Moreno, E Arias, A Navarro, FJ Tapiador - The Journal of …, 2019 - Springer | … performance is critical in order to increase the accuracy and precision of its results. In this work,  we study the performance-energy balance of an OpenPOWER processor, which is designed  for the high … Our results show that the OpenPOWER processor is superior in performance …
PLEXUS: A Pattern-Oriented Runtime System Architecture for Resilient Extreme-Scale High-Performance Computing Systems | S Hukerikar, C Engelmann - 2020 IEEE 25th Pacific Rim …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Various types of faults are expected to increase significantly in highperformance computing  (HPC) systems as the number of system components increases and use technologies that  include smaller feature sizes, near-threshold voltage, which make the components inherently …
PIMCH: cooperative memory prefetching in processing-in-memory architecture | S Xu, Y Wang, Y Han, X Li - 2018 23rd Asia and South Pacific …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We utilized workloads which are mixed with high-performance computing applications and  PIM applications. We choose SPEC CPU 2006 suites [12] as highperformance computing  workloads due to its widespread used in both industry and academia. Several typical PIM …
A specialized architecture for object serialization with applications to big data analytics | J Jang, SJ Jung, S Jeong, J Heo, H Shin… - … Architecture (ISCA), 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To quantify the S/D overhead in data analytics applications, we analyze the performance of  six data analytics applications on Apache Spark running on HotSpot JVM [27]. Spark extensively  utilizes S/D operations for 1) input/output management in a distributed file system (eg, …
A high performance hardware architecture for non-negative tensor factorization | B Min, W Huang, RCC Cheung, H Yan - Microelectronics Journal, 2019 - Elsevier | … In this paper, we evaluate the proposed architecture on Xilinx Virtex-6 FPGA XC6VLX760T  and apply it … architecture is described in Section 3 and the improved GPU implementation is  discussed in Section 4. In Section 5, we analyze the performance of the proposed architecture. …
RBC: A memory architecture for improved performance and energy efficiency | W Liu, K Zhou, P Huang, T Yang… - Tsinghua Science and …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … architecture, in Proceedings of IEEE 19th International Symposium on High Performance …  He is currently a professor with the Department of Computer and Information Sciences, … His  research interests include computer architecture, data storage systems, virtualization, and high …
The architectural implications of facebook's dnn-based personalized recommendation | U Gupta, CJ Wu, X Wang, M Naumov… - … High Performance …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … These three types of recommendation models follow distinct recommendation model architectures  that result in different performance … The systems and computer architecture community  has made significant strides in optimizing the performance, energy efficiency, and memory …
A multi-agent architecture for scheduling of high performance services in a GPU cluster | JA Trejo-Sánchez, JL López-Martínez… - International …, 2018 - search.proquest.com | … widely used to execute highperformance computing applications. Diverse disciplines use  these clusters to improve the performance of several services that consume high computational  resources. The challenge of executing high-performance computing applications becomes …
Built-in security computer: deploying security-first architecture using active security processor | D Meng, R Hou, G Shi, B Tu, A Yu, Z Zhu… - IEEE Transactions …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … computer architecture lacks the consideration of security. This article proposes a security-first  architecture, with an Active Security Processor (ASP) integrated to conventional computer …  His research interests include high performance computer architecture and cyber security. …
High Performance Heterogeneous Multicore Architectures: A Study | I Hoxha, MO Agyeman - … 3rd International Symposium on Computer …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … of the workload between architectures. To address this challenge while meeting the goals of  high-performance computing systems, several … 2016 International Symposium on Computer  Architecture and High Performance Computing Workshops (SBAC-PADW). IEEE, 2016. …
Validation of the gem5 simulator for x86 architectures | A Akram, L Sawalha - … of High Performance Computer Systems …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this work, we focus on the simulation of a single node high performance system and study  the sources of inaccuracies of gem5. Then we … the most used computer architecture and  microarchitecture simulators, gem5 [3], against one of Intel’s high-performance processors (Core …
Scaling datacenter accelerators with compute-reuse architectures | A Fuchs, D Wentzlaff - … Symposium on Computer Architecture  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … NVMs have inspired recent efforts of innovation in computer systems, as they possess  appealing qualities such as high capacity and low energy. We present the COmpute-REuse  Accelerators (COREx) architecture that shifts computations from the scalabilityhindered transistor-…
AIR: A light-weight yet high-performance dataflow engine based on asynchronous iterative routing | VE Venugopal, M Theobald, S Chaychi… - … High Performance …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Distributed Stream Processing Engines (DSPEs) are currently among the most emerging  topics in data management, with applications ranging from real-time event monitoring to  processing complex dataflow programs and big data analytics. In this paper, we describe the …
Intelligent architecture for mobile HetNet in B5G | WC Chien, HH Cho, CF Lai, FH Tseng, HC Chao… - IEEE …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The former adopts the architecture of cloud computing to achieve features of high  performance, scalability, and energy saving. The latter adopts the architecture of edge computing  to implement applications of low latency and high flexibility. The main work item of DPP is to carry …
Empowering Flexible and Scalable High Performance Architectures with Embedded Photonics. | K Bergman - IPDPS, 2018 - ipdps.org | … • Novel interconnect technologies and architectures … Need for AI optimized  architectures … – Optical bandwidth steering, adaptable architectures for scalability –  Ultimate energy efficiency – use only required resources for needed time period …
Bingo spatial data prefetcher | M Bakhshalipour, M Shakerinava… - … High Performance …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … both short and long events to achieve high accuracy while not losing prediction opportunities.  … , we show that Bingo improves system performance by 60% over a baseline with no data …  MOTIVATION Planning to architect a high-performance spatial data prefetcher, we narrow the …
Master of none acceleration: a comparison of accelerator architectures for analytical query processing | A Lottarini, JP Cerqueira, TJ Repetti… - … Computer Architecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … first suggested using systolic arrays to accelerate database workloads [21] in 1980, however,  high performance improvement of CPUs year after year made the development of ASICs  for this kind of computation unappealing [5]. The end of Dennard scaling spurred the more …
Analyzing power-thermal-performance trade-offs in a high-performance 3D NoC architecture | D Lee, S Das, PP Pande - Integration, 2019 - Elsevier | … In this section, we discuss the design methodology of a high performance, energy and  thermal efficient 3D NoC architecture. First, we describe the details of only performance oriented  3D NoC design. Subsequently, to improve the energy efficiency further, we present the design …
Adam: Architecture for write disturbance mitigation in scaled phase change memory | S Swami, K Mohanram - 2018 Design, Automation & Test in …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … (BL) WD errors and (ii) the performance penalties of aggregate (WL+BL) WD error recovery  remain areas of active research and development. Architecture for Write DisturbAnce Mitigation,  ADAM, is a low cost, high performance pattern-based data compression and alignment …
Design and performance analysis on static and dynamic pipelined CPU in course experiment of computer architecture | G Qin, Y Hu, L Huang, YC Guo - … Computer Science & Education …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … pipelined CPU and dynamic pipelined CPU with field programable gate array (FPGA) in  the computer architecture course. This course … The pipelined CPU is a very important  section of "Computer Architecture" course. It can be divided into a static pipelined CPU and a …
Need for Speed: Experiences Building a Trustworthy System-Level GPU Simulator | O Villa, D Lustig, Z Yan, E Bolotin, Y Fu… - … High-Performance …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … of GPU workloads rather than achieving ultra-high correlation for just a small handful. To …  help guide the architecture community as it continues to perform high quality GPU research. …  created a high fidelity interconnect model that matches the topology, router architecture, and …
Functional architecture for autonomous driving and its implementation | R Novickis, A Levinskis, R Kadikis… - 2020 17th Biennial …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … architecture clearly distinguishes between sensor data acquisition, perception and planning  & control. The solution used distributed computer architecture based … A hybrid architecture  consisting of High Performance and Safety controllers has been proposed with the appropriate …
A U-Net deep learning framework for high performance vessel segmentation in patients with cerebrovascular disease | M Livne, J Rieger, OU Aydin, AA Taha… - Frontiers in …, 2019 - frontiersin.org | … high performance for both the full and the reduced architecture: A Dice value of ~0.88, a 95HD  of ~47 voxels and an AVD of ~0.4 voxels. The visual analysis revealed excellent performance  in large vessels and sufficient performance in … framework yielded high performance for …
HUBPA: high utilization bidirectional pipeline architecture for neuromorphic computing | H Ji, L Jiang, T Li, N Jing, J Ke, X Liang - … of the 24th Asia and South …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … ReRAM-based pipeline architecture with high energy and cost efficiency is promising to meet  the demand for the deployments of CNNs in both edge and cloud computing. Our proposed  bidirectional pipeline architecture, HUBPA, substantially improves the performance and …
pipsCloud: High performance cloud computing for remote sensing big data management and processing | L Wang, Y Ma, J Yan, V Chang, AY Zomaya - Future Generation Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … In this section, we compare the current dominant system architectures that are used  frequently for RS data processing, including cluster-based HPC platforms and clouds. In Section  2.1, we explain the incorporation of a multi-core cluster HPC structure in RS data processing …
A case for memory-centric HPC system architecture for training deep neural networks | Y Kwon, M Rhu - IEEE Computer Architecture Letters, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The key objective of our memory-node design is to unlock the high-bandwidth communication  channels of the device-side interconnect for high-performance virtual memory. Figure 4(a)  illustrates the design of our memory-node architecture, which contains N high-bandwidth …
Anatomy of high-performance deep learning convolutions on simd architectures | E Georganas, S Avancha, K Banerjee… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … For the innermost small GEMM kernel we use the high performance LIBXSMM library [14].  blas: Same implementation as above, but instead of leveraging LIBXSMM we are using MKL  GEMM calls (v2017.0.4). autovec: Same implementation as above, but instead of using MKL …
Data: Differentiable architecture approximation | J Chang, Y Guo, G MENG, S XIANG… - Advances in Neural …, 2019 - simplecore.intel.com | … , architecture parameters and … high-performance architecture that approaches to the learned  one during searching is readily built. Extensive experiments on a variety of popular datasets  strongly evidence that our method is capable of discovering high-performance architectures …
System and Architecture | SK Muttoo - 2018 - Springer | … It provides an understanding of the architectures of our computing systems. The title also  assists the readers to help them and plan the selection of a processor for a particular project.  Computer Architecture refers to those attributes of a system visible to a programmer. Computer …
Robotics vs. game-console-based platforms to learn computer architecture | BG Fernández, X Del Toro, MJ Santofimia… - IEEE …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Computer Architecture concepts [32]. However, to the best of our knowledge, there is a lack  of works quantitatively assessing the impact that both approaches have on learning Computer  Architecture… poorest performance, out of all courses comprising the Computer Architecture …
Designing a Cost-Effective Cache Replacement Policy using Machine Learning | S Sethumurugan, J Yin, J Sartori - … High-Performance Computer …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Through this work, we show that ML is an effective tool for tackling challenging computer  architecture design problems. An automated ML-based cache replacement policy can match  or beat state-of-the-art hand-crafted designs. For the cache replacement problem targeted in …
High-Performance Ensembles of Online Sequential Extreme Learning Machine for Regression and Time Series Forecasting | LFL Grim, ALS Gradvohl - … Architecture and High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Based on the results obtained, we believe that the highperformance techniques presented  in this work may also be suitable for other types of ensembles and online learning models.  An interesting challenge would be the application in ensembles composed of models with …
Learning attentions: residual attentional siamese network for high performance online visual tracking | Q Wang, Z Teng, J Xing, J Gao… - … on computer vision …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Motivated by these considerations, we develop an effective and efficient deep learning  based tracking approach to produce high performance visual tracking. To this end, we adapt  the model architecture and training objective for more effective feature learning, and also …
A novel encoding scheme for complex neural architecture search | M Ahmad, M Abdullah, D Han - 2019 34th International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … will not only implement complex architecture designs but will also allow multiple types of  functional blocks to be part of same architecture. … This limited hyperparameter search space  constraints the search algorithm to a limited scope of neural architecture designs which is in …
Integrated hybrid architecture of metal and biochar for high performance asymmetric supercapacitors | O Norouzi, SEM Pourhosseini, HR Naderi, F Di Maria… - Scientific reports, 2021 - nature.com | … XRD, FTIR, and FESEM-EDS analyses confirmed the unique hierarchical architecture and  superior surface area of CoTLM, resulting in high specific capacitance and excellent cycling  stability. The potential operating range of 3DFAB was − 0.9 to 0 V, while that of CoTLM was − …
A comprehensive memory analysis of data intensive workloads on server class architecture | HM Makrani, H Sayadi, SMP Dinakarra… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … frameworks will require high performance and large … (high-end vs low-end) impacts the  performance of Hadoop, Spark, and MPI based Big Data workloads in the presence of different  storage types on a local cluster. Our results show that Hadoop workloads do not require high …
High performance systolic array core architecture design for DNA sequencer | DS Nurdin, MNM Isa, RC Ismail… - MATEC Web of …, 2018 - matec-conferences.org | … This paper presents a high performance systolic array (SA) core architecture design for  Deoxyribonucleic Acid (DNA) sequencer. The core … In addition, with the exponential growth of  DNA databases, the SA architecture is used to overcome the timing issue. In this work, the SW …
Hierarchical algorithms on hierarchical architectures | DE Keyes, H Ltaief, G Turkiyyah - … Transactions of the …, 2020 - royalsocietypublishing.org | … for early exascale computer architectures, which are provisioned for high processing power  … A challenge is that emerging hardware architecture possesses hierarchies of its own that do  … and achieve very high performance through their ability to place data high on the memory …
Optimization of molecular structure and electrode architecture of anthraquinone-containing polymer cathode for high-performance lithium-ion batteries | J Yang, Y Shi, P Sun, P Xiong, Y Xu - ACS applied materials & …, 2019 - ACS Publications | … ) In the context of increasingly prominent environmental issues, the fast increasing demand  for LIBs not only requires high performance … In summary, the impact of molecular structure,  molecular weight, and electrode architecture on electrochemical performance of AQ-containing …
Understanding training efficiency of deep learning recommendation models at scale | B Acun, M Murphy, X Wang, J Nie… - … High-Performance …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We enabled high performance training on these systems by designing and implementing  different placement strategies for embedding … parameter configurations and the underlying  training system architectures to develop a better understanding of GPUtraining performance. …
Gdp: Using dataflow properties to accurately estimate interference-free performance at runtime | M Jahre, L Eeckhout - … High Performance Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To illustrate that high accuracy leads to improved system performance, we develop a Last-Level  Cache (LLC) management policy which we … -order performance model to estimate shared  mode performance as a function of LLC misses. The private mode performance estimates …
Active-routing: Compute on the way for near-data processing | J Huang, RR Puli, P Majumder, S Kim… - … High Performance …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … processing designs are being architected to improve system performance substantially. …  We propose Active-Routing, an in-network compute architecture that enables computation  on … In this section, we describe the programming interface and instruction set architecture (ISA) …
Practical block-wise neural network architecture generation | Z Zhong, J Yan, W Wu, J Shao… - … conference on computer …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … However, as the performance gain usually requires an increasing network capacity, a  highperformance network architecture generally possesses a … In this paper, we focus on  learning the entire topological architecture of network blocks to improve the performance. …
Computational Memory Architecture Supporting in Bit-Line Processing | D Azougagh, A Rebbani, O Bouattane - IJCSNS, 2018 - researchgate.net | … Das, “Compute caches,” in 2017 IEEE International Symposium on High Performance Computer  Architecture (HPCA), Feb 2017, pp. 481–… His research is focused on computer architecture.  His research interests include (Massively Distributed and Parallel) Computer Architecture …
A high-performance 4 nV (√ Hz)− 1 analog front-end architecture for artefact suppression in local field potential recordings during deep brain stimulation | K Petkos, T Guiho, P Degenaar… - Journal of neural …, 2019 - iopscience.iop.org | … AFE architecture shown in figure 1. The aim of this effort was to compare the achieved  performance of the two AFE architectures (Chebyshev … In this section, a number of strict tests,  which are typically performed on analog electronics to assess their performance in terms of noise, …
Write-optimized and high-performance hashing index scheme for persistent memory | P Zuo, Y Hua, J Wu - 13th {USENIX} Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … However, the new architecture that NVM is directly accessed through the memory bus  causes high overhead to guarantee consistency. First, … writes for consistency guarantee, we  have to employ cache line flush and memory fence, introducing high performance overhead [17…
Graph processing and machine learning architectures with emerging memory technologies: a survey | X Qian - Science China Information Sciences, 2021 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of IEEE International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture  (HPCA), 2016. 14–26 … Automine: harmonizing high-level abstraction and high performance  for graph mining. In: Proceedings of the 27th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems …
Design and evaluation of cubic torus Network-on-Chip Architecture | A Punhani, N Faujdar, S Kumar - International Journal of …, 2019 - researchgate.net | … Abstract: The network on chip is the key component of the achieving the high performance …  In this paper, a new variant of Torus topology has been proposed and the performance of the  … Hwang, Advanced computer architecture with parallel programming. McGraw-Hill, 1993. 9. …
Gcnax: A flexible and energy-efficient accelerator for graph convolutional neural networks | J Li, A Louri, A Karanth… - … -Performance Computer …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Graph convolutional neural networks (GCNs) have emerged as an effective approach to  extend deep learning for graph data analytics. Given that graphs are usually irregular, as  nodes in a graph may have a varying number of neighbors, processing GCNs efficiently pose a …
A comparison of peer instruction and collaborative problem solving in a computer architecture course | GL Herman, S Azad - … the 51st ACM Technical Symposium on Computer …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Computer Architecture at Midwestern University has historically been taught using active …  We compare students’ performance on midterm exams and their noncognitive outcomes to …  Table 1: Comparison of controls and variants between offerings of Computer Architecture. …
Extended Abstract for Poster:“A New Polymorphic Computing Architecture Based on Fine-Grained Instruction Mobility” | D Hentrich, E Oruklu, J Saniie - 2019 - sc19.supercomputing.org | … of changing the computer architecture around the software, rather than vice versa. The main  contribution is a new polymorphic computing architecture. The key idea behind the … The final  takeaways of this work are the potential advancements to the field of computer architecture: …
Cheetah: Optimizing and accelerating homomorphic encryption for private inference | B Reagen, WS Choi, Y Ko, VT Lee… - … High-Performance …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This section proposes a general accelerator architecture for HE inference to bridge the  remaining performance gap. … Moreover, we find that the input and output SRAMs in the  architecture do not incur as high of a power and area cost. This means that the input duplication into …
Architecture and performance studies of 3d-hyper-flex-lion for reconfigurable all-to-all hpc networks | G Liu, R Proietti, M Fariborz, P Fotouhi… - … High Performance …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … interconnections but also for flattening the interYracN networNing architecture by considering  wavelength routing and switching for … This paper discusses architecture and performance  studies of 3DYHyperYFleXYLION [13], a flat hybrid electronicYphotonic architecture …
A sharing path awareness scheduling algorithm for dataflow architecture | Y Li, X Tan, R Xue, X Ye, W Li, D Wang… - … High Performance …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … More and more high performance computing (HPC) and machining learning applications  require an … high performance which usually results in high power consumption on conventional  processors. Dataflow architecture has recently seen a growing interest, since it offers high …
A hybrid framework for fast and accurate GPU performance estimation through source-level analysis and trace-based simulation | X Wang, K Huang, A Knoll… - … Performance Computer …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … space and robustly predict the performance of the kernels across two generations of recent  Nvidia GPU architectures. Experiments on four Commercial Off-The-Shelf (COTS) GPUs  show that our framework can predict the runtime performance with average Mean Absolute …
Are coherence protocol states vulnerable to information leakage? | F Yao, M Doroslovacki… - … Performance Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Most commercial multi-core processors incorporate hardware coherence protocols to  support efficient data transfers and updates between their constituent cores. While hardware  coherence protocols provide immense benefits for application performance by removing the …
GraphP: Reducing communication for PIM-based graph processing with efficient data partition | M Zhang, Y Zhuo, C Wang, M Gao, Y Wu… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To use the system, programmers have to understand its architecture and modify existing  code. Graphicionado [37] is a customized graph accelerator designed for high performance  and energy efficiency, based on off-chip DRAM and on-chip eDRAM instead of PIM. …
Outerspace: An outer product based sparse matrix multiplication accelerator | S Pal, J Beaumont, DH Park… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Sparse matrices are widely used in graph and data analytics, machine learning, engineering  and scientific applications. This paper describes and analyzes OuterSPACE, an accelerator  targeted at applications that involve large sparse matrices. OuterSPACE is a highly-scalable…
Clite: Efficient and qos-aware co-location of multiple latency-critical jobs for warehouse scale computers | T Patel, D Tiwari - … on High Performance Computer Architecture …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … CLITE can co-locate a set of resource-hungry and latency-critical jobs while meeting their  QoS targets, and can still provide high performance to background jobs, in comparison the  competing techniques (including PARTIES and genetic algorithm approach). CLITE is publicly …
The Research of Several Situations About Memory Accessing on Non-Uniform Memory Access Architecture | X Guo, H Han - … 17th International Conference on Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The high performance computing landscape is dominated by large clusters. Modern computing  architectures are increasingly parallel. The … ,” in 21st International Symposium on Computer  Architecture and High Performance Computing SBACPAD. Sao Paulo, Brazil: IEEE, 2009. …
Simba: scaling deep-learning inference with chiplet-based architecture | YS Shao, J Cemons, R Venkatesan, B Zimmer… - Communications of the …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … compute systems, applying MCMs to high-performance DNN inference algorithms has not  … benefits of MCM-based inference accelerator architectures, we designed, implemented, and  … This section first presents an overview of the Simba architecture and its default uniform tiling …
Diagnose Expert System Computer Malfunction Certainty Factor Method | D Kiray, FA Sianturi - … , Architecture, and High-Performance …, 2020 - jurnal.itscience.org | An expert system is a knowledge base system that solves problems using an expert's  knowledge that is entered into a computer, thereby increasing productivity, Because an expert  can work faster than a human lay works like an expert. Expert systems Also solve problems by …
Nvidia tensor core programmability, performance & precision | S Markidis, SW Der Chien, E Laure… - 2018 IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We present the architecture of GV100 GPU in the simplified diagram of Figure 1. The Volta  microarchitecture features a renewed … ACKNOWLEDGEMENT This work used computing  resources from KTH PDC Center for High Performance Computing. The Authors would like to …
Apq: Joint search for network architecture, pruning and quantization policy | T Wang, K Wang, H Cai, J Lin, Z Liu… - … on Computer …, 2020 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Unlike previous methods that separately optimize the neural network architecture, pruning  policy, and quantization policy, we design to op… -aware predictor: we first generate a large  dataset of 〈NN architecture, ImageNet accuracy〉 pairs by sampling a pretrained unified once-for…
High performance processor architecture for automotive large scaled integrated systems within the European Processor Initiative Research Project | D Reinhardt, U Dannebaum, M Scheffer… - SAE Tech. Paper 2019 …, 2019 - researchgate.net | … from HPC architecture of the European Processor Initiative research project. Furthermore we  suggest a possible future architecture for high per… We describe our architectural hardware  approach for a generic high performance Central Processing Unit (CPU) for deep embedded …
Optimizing high performance markov clustering for pre-exascale architectures | O Selvitopi, MT Hussain, A Azad… - 2020 IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, HipMCL’s single-node performance is on-par with the original MCL performance  so there has been little incentive for the … to improve the performance of HipMCL and make  it ready for Exascale systems. To this end, we observed three performance bottlenecks in …
Towards artificial general intelligence with hybrid Tianjic chip architecture | J Pei, L Deng, S Song, M Zhao, Y Zhang, S Wu… - Nature, 2019 - nature.com | … to an overall high performance. In short, the hybrid paradigm of Tianjic can be used to construct  various ANN and SNN combinations according to the requirements of practical applications,  such as low power consumption, high speed, high accuracy or overall high performance. …
Gables: A roofline model for mobile socs | M Hill, VJ Reddi - … on High Performance Computer Architecture …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The primary mode in computer architecture has been the use of cycle-level simulation, and we  expect this to continue in the later stages of … To facilitate early stage SoC design or selection,  we repurpose the Roofline performance model [8]. Roofline applies bottleneck analysis [9…
Rcoal: mitigating gpu timing attack via subwarp-based randomized coalescing techniques | G Kadam, D Zhang, A Jog - … Performance Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Graphics processing units (GPUs) are becoming default accelerators in many domains such  as high-performance computing (HPC), deep learning, and virtual/augmented reality.  Recently, GPUs have also shown significant speedups for a variety of security-sensitive …
An Efficient and Fast Softmax Hardware Architecture (EFSHA) for Deep Neural Networks | MA Hussain, TH Tsai - 2021 IEEE 3rd International Conference …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … abstractEDeep neural networks are widely used in computer vision applications due to their  high performance. However, DNNs involve a large number of computations in the training  and inference phase. Among the different layers of a DNN, the softmax layer has one of the …
A deep reinforcement learning framework for architectural exploration: A routerless noc case study | TR Lin, D Penney, M Pedram… - … Performance Computer …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Machine learning applied to architecture design presents a promising opportunity with broad  applications. Recent deep reinforcement learning (DRL) techniques, in particular, enable  efficient exploration in vast design spaces where conventional design strategies may be …
Register-Transfer-level CPU Simulator for Computer Architecture Education and Its Quantitative Evaluation | S Hara, Y Imai - IEEJ Transactions on Electronics, Information and …, 2018 - jstage.jst.go.jp | … This section demonstrates system performance of Visual CPU Simulator for learners of  Computer Architecture Education and introduces how to utilize the simulator in order for learners  to understand how a computer works graphically and concretely, especially in the micro-…
Composite-ISA cores: enabling multi-ISA heterogeneity using a single ISA | A Venkat, H Basavaraj… - … Performance Computer …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … These architectures maximize both performance and energy efficiency by allowing  applications to adapt to phase changes by … -performance accelerator simulator enabling large  design space exploration of customized architectures,” in ACM SIGARCH Computer Architecture …
High-performance deep neural network-based tomato plant diseases and pests diagnosis system with refinement filter bank | AF Fuentes, S Yoon, J Lee… - Frontiers in plant …, 2018 - internal-journal.frontiersin.org | … This work investigates different meta-architectures and CNN feature extractors to recognize  … We make several modifications to the architecture to verify the performance of the network.  … for our application without sacrificing system performance. Figure 12 shows different CNN …
PIXEL: Photonic neural network accelerator | K Shiflett, D Wright, A Karanth… - … Performance Computer …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Machine learning (ML) architectures such as Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have achieved  unprecedented accuracy on modern applications such as image classification and speech  recognition. With power dissipation becoming a major concern in ML architectures, computer …
Latte-cc: Latency tolerance aware adaptive cache compression management for energy efficient gpus | A Arunkumar, SY Lee… - … Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Directly applying state-of-the-art high performance cache compression schemes on GPUs  results in a wide performance variation from -52% to 48%. To maximize the performance  and energy benefits of cache compression for GPUs, we propose a new compression man…
ChangeSUB: A power efficient multiple network-on-chip architecture | M Baharloo, R Aligholipour, M Abdollahi… - Computers & Electrical …, 2020 - Elsevier | … In order to enlighten the efficiency of ChangeSUB architecture to improve the power gating  performance, we evaluate the average number of … His research interests are in the area of  computer architecture, many-core processors, GPUs, high performance computing systems and …
Ribbon: High performance cache line flushing for persistent memory | K Wu, I Peng, J Ren, D Li - … Conference on Parallel Architectures and …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … This work aims to improve the performance of CLF mechanism based on the performance  characterization of well-established workloads on real PM hardware. We reveal that the  performance of CLF is highly sensitive to the concurrency of CLF and cache line status. We …
MiniMCTAD: Minimalist Monte Carlo Transport Architecture Design | S Fu, T Li, J Zhang, S Ma, S Liu - … IEEE Intl Conf on Parallel & …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … single-threaded performance through complex on-chip designs. To achieve high-performance  and low-power architecture, we design the … Modern processors tend to have deep pipeline  stages, which have the advantage of pursuing higher frequencies for high performance but …
Common Counters: Compressed Encryption Counters for Secure GPU Memory | S Na, S Lee, Y Kim, J Park, J Huh - … -Performance Computer …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … If the GPU never experiences counter cache misses but generates MAC accesses (Ideal  Ctr+MAC), we observe a sub stantial performance improvement for applications with high  performance degradation by memory protection (123.9% for ges, 45.8% for atax, 47.1% for mvt, …
Methodology for code-optimization of memory data layouts by adaptation to high-performance-system architectures with complex memory hierarchies | RYS Lakhdar - 2020 - tel.archives-ouvertes.fr | … This thesis aims at proposing the ground basis to the automatic adaptation of software-code  across high-performance hardware architectures. This consists in proposing different solutions  and tools aiming to be eventually integrated within the proposed optimization process (…
Performance-oriented neural architecture search | A Anderson, J Su, R Dahyot… - … on High Performance …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … on neural architecture search, and inference performance in deep neural networks. Next,  we present our performance-oriented neural … Using our approach, we explore variations  of the initial seed architecture and collect classification accuracy and inference performance …
Lost in abstraction: Pitfalls of analyzing GPUs at the intermediate language level | A Gutierrez, BM Beckmann, A Dutu… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … or runtime, finalizes the IL into the machine instruction set architecture (ISA) representation  that targets the GPU hardware architecture. … GCN3 architecture includes a scalar unit with  corresponding scalar instructions. The use of these scalar instructions is transparent to the high-…
A review of dimensionality reduction in high-dimensional data using multi-core and many-core architecture | SV Patil, DB Kulkarni - Workshop on Software Challenges to Exascale …, 2018 - Springer | … intensive problems – involving high dimensionality of the data – we require many-core  architectures [4]. It is a need of the hour to employ … cloud computing architecture. The result  for the proposed parallel method on numerous hyperspectral datasets shows high performance. …
AN EFFICIENT NETWORK ON CHIP ROUTER FOR DATA FLOW ARCHITECTURE WITH OPTIMIZED TOPOLOGY | DRR Poovendran, R Hariharan, SJ Stannibal… - 2021 - irjet.com | … Considering the high injection rate of dataflow architecture, we directly adopt four mesh  on-chip … Only when dataflow architecture achieves high performance can the injection rate be  … However, in many-core architectures the injection rate is generally under 5%[26]. The injection …
A high performance cognitive framework (SIVA-self intelligent versatile and adaptive) for heterogenous architecture in IOT environment | YB Sundaresan, MAS Durai - International Journal of …, 2018 - inderscienceonline.com | … A low power, high performance and adaptive framework called SIVA for embedded  heterogeneous architecture has been proposed. The framework has been evaluated for a  case study on IOT based healthcare solution with dynamic inputs on different embedded …
EPA: The effective pipeline architecture for CNN accelerator with high performance and computing efficiency based on FPGA | J Zhang, Q Yin, W Hu, Y Li, H Li, N Ye… - Concurrency and …, 2021 - Wiley Online Library | … In this paper, a high-throughput and highly efficient CNN hardware accelerator architecture  named EPA has been proposed and verified. We can achieve 873 GOPS and nearly 90%  average DSP efficiency at 210MHZ when the Yolov2-Tiny is implemented on the VCU118. …
Issues of compatibility of processor command architectures | TR Zmyzgova, AV Solovyev… - … Series: Earth and …, 2020 - iopscience.iop.org | … of architecture standardization, which generalizes the capabilities of the most common  architectures and is suitable for high-performance emulation on most computer architectures, …  common architectures and would be suitable for high-performance emulation on most computer …
Pytorch: An imperative style, high-performance deep learning library | A Paszke, S Gross, F Massa, A Lerer… - Advances in neural …, 2019 - papers.nips.cc | … In this paper, we detail the principles that drove the implementation of PyTorch and how they  are reflected in its architecture. We emphasize that every aspect of PyTorch is a regular Python  program under the full control of its user. We also explain how the careful and pragmatic …
A multicore architecture with selective load value prediction | A Gellert, L Vintan - … of the Romanian Academy, Series A, 2018 - webspace.ulbsibiu.ro | … In the last years the research in computer architecture was focused on multicore and … The  performance in that case was significantly lower. Moreover, on most of the benchmarks we  have observed significant performance degradation even related to the baseline architecture. …
Dnn architecture for high performance prediction on natural videos loses submodule's ability to learn discrete-world dataset | L Sinapayen, A Noda - Artificial Life Conference Proceedings, 2019 - MIT Press | … architecture known for high-performance predictions on natural videos and replication of human  visual illusions: PredNet. Our results show that PredNet’s high performance … ’s architecture  itself might be responsible for both the high performance on natural videos and the loss of …
Algorithmic contributions to scientific computing on high performance architectures | P Fortin - 2018 - tel.archives-ouvertes.fr | … at best numerical applications in scientific computing to high performance architectures,  while relying on new and … architecture matching, but here the architecture is fixed and we aim  to adapt existing algorithms or design new algorithms to exploit at best the selected architecture…
Dynamic checkpoint architecture for reliability improvement on distributed frameworks | PV Cardoso, PP Barcelos - 2018 IEEE 37th Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … High performance systems have a high demand on processing and storing large amounts of  data. This causes reliability levels to be an … This distributed high performance framework is  used to store and to process large amounts of data. Checkpoints are used to periodically save …
… as a portable programming and execution model for parallel computational workloads on modern heterogeneous high‐performance computing architectures | DI Lyakh - International Journal of Quantum Chemistry, 2019 - Wiley Online Library | … As of now, solely for preliminary demonstration purposes, we have run a few raw  benchmarks with arithmetically intensive tensor contractions, without any claims on high  performance yet as we are still working on the optimization of the dynamic load balancer and …
LIRKIS CAVE: architecture, performance and applications | Š Korečko, M Hudák, B Sobota - Acta Polytechnica Hungarica, 2019 - acta.uni-obuda.hu | … It should be also noted that CAVE systems have evolved significantly since their introduction,  too [1]: Highperformance computer clusters allow high-resolution graphical output rendering  and multiple user input processing in real time. The original CRT projectors have been …
Architecture-aware, high performance transaction for persistent memory | K Wu, J Ren, D Li - arXiv preprint arXiv:1903.06226, 2019 - arxiv.org | … an architectureaware, high performance transaction runtime system for persistent memory.  Archapt reduces the number of cache-line flushing to improve performance of … Research and  Education,” in Proceedings of the 2004 workshop on Computer architecture education, 2004. …
Top Picks from the 2017 Computer Architecture Conferences | TF Wenisch - IEEE Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … It is my pleasure to introduce the 2017 Top Picks in Computer Architecture. This annual issue  highlights what the selection committee believes to be some of the most noteworthy contributions  in computer architecture published in the major architecture conferences the previous …
Towards efficient microarchitectural design for accelerating unsupervised gan-based deep learning | M Song, J Zhang, H Chen, T Li - … High Performance Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We overcome the above challenges with an algorithm and architecture co design approach.  … Moreover, we design high efficiency dataflows to achieve high data reuse and skip the zero  … taNe the first step tO help cOmputer architecture cOmmunity tO understand the inefficiencies …
Performance prediction based on neural architecture features | D Long, S Zhang, Y Zhang - Cognitive Computation and …, 2020 - Wiley Online Library | … Another approach is to initialise the weights of new network architecture refer to the trained  architectures [14], which could retain high performance … The main challenge for predicting  the performance of neural architectures is that, in order to speed up the search process, good …
Developing a Centralized Compute Architecture for Autonomous Vehicles | N Cvijetic, T Tomazin - ATZelectronics worldwide, 2021 - Springer | … These architectures are designed to scale box by box with dedicated embedded functionality,  … A software-defined approach based on a centralized high-performance computer and  high-… assumes two major high-performance computing platforms, one computer node hosting …
Lazy Batching: An SLA-aware Batching System for Cloud Machine Learning Inference | Y Choi, Y Kim, M Rhu - … -Performance Computer Architecture  …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In cloud ML inference systems, batching is an essential technique to increase throughput  which helps optimize total-cost-of-ownership. Prior graph batching combines the individual  DNN graphs into a single one, allowing multiple inputs to be concurrently executed in parallel. …
NoCGuard: A Reliable Network-on-Chip Router Architecture | MA Shafique, NK Baloch, MI Baig, F Hussain, YB Zikria… - Electronics, 2020 - mdpi.com | … This led to the design of chip multi-processors (CMP) or multi-core architectures with high  performance and low power consumption [2]. … In Proceedings of the HPCA Seventh International  Symposium on High-Performance Computer Architecture, Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico, …
Mix and Match: A novel FPGA-centric deep neural network quantization framework | SE Chang, Y Li, M Sun, R Shi, HKH So… - … High-Performance …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … For the FPGA implementations, we develop a parameterized architecture with heterogeneous  … , Zynq XC7Z020 and XC7Z045, we achieve performance improvement of 2.1 x — 4.1x  compared … to deploy on hardware platforms, but our designs can still achieve high performance, …
BNAS: Efficient Neural Architecture Search Using Broad Scalable Architecture | Z Ding, Y Chen, N Li, D Zhao, Z Sun… - IEEE Transactions on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … architecture with high-performance via parameter sharing and reinforcement learning (RL).  In the phase of architecture search, ENAS employs deep scalable architecture as … novel  architecture on CIFAR-10 for testing the search efficiency and high performance of the learned …
modern architectures and their impact on electronic structure theory | MS Gordon, TL Windus - Chemical Reviews, 2020 - ACS Publications | … high performance algorithms. Theresa has contributed to multiple chemistry packages and  currently develops new methods and algorithms for high performance … While the computer  architecture issues are complex on their own, there are also significant computer software stack …
Dynamically reconfigurable architecture for high-throughput hash function in key-value store | K Liu, M Zhao, L Ju, Z Jia - … Conference on High Performance …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … to the performance of the whole KVS, and further affects the whole server. In this paper,  we propose a highperformance scalable architecture for … scheme to maximize the ratio of  performance/area. Experiment results on Xilinx SOC platform demonstrate that the proposed …
Design of Power Efficient and High-Performance Architecture to Spectrum Sensing Applications Using Cyclostationary Feature Detection | K Aishwarya, TJ Swamy - Cognitive Informatics and Soft Computing, 2020 - Springer | … has high complex architecture that leads to huge cost. On the other hand, energy detection is  well known for its effortlessness and ease of hardware implementation. But it is not supportive  to use under low SNR conditions [4]. The main focus of this paper is on the performance …
Memory hierarchy for web search | G Ayers, JH Ahn, C Kozyrakis… - … Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We evaluate an iso-area design that trades off the inefficient use of L3 cache transistors  in current processors for higher-performance cores. We demonstrate that such an approach  leads to a 14% performance improvement. Next, we propose adding a highcapacity, on-package …
An updated survey of efficient hardware architectures for accelerating deep convolutional neural networks | M Capra, B Bussolino, A Marchisio, M Shafique… - Future Internet, 2020 - mdpi.com | … specialized architectures, have been developed to process these models with high performance  … to provide an overview of different architectures and optimization techniques for efficient  … 2020 IEEE International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA), …
DDSnet: A Deep Document Segmentation with Hybrid Blocks Architecture Network | JM Guo, LY Chang, HH Lee - … Computer, Consumer and Control …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper presents a new high-performance document segmentation algorithm, namely  Deep Document Segmentation Network (DDSnet), which incorporates advanced end-to-end  deep learning methods for segmenting four different types of document features, including …
Sentinel: Efficient tensor migration and allocation on heterogeneous memory systems for deep learning | J Ren, J Luo, K Wu, M Zhang… - … -Performance Computer …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … also avoids performance loss, we introduce ana lytical performance models that …  performance models bring great flexibility and high performance for tensor migration across layers  for various DNN topologies. The tensor migra tion is controlled purely subject to the performance …
Big Scientific Data Benchmarks, Architecture, and Systems | R Ren, C Zheng, J Zhan - 2019 - Springer | … To achieve higher efficiency, we need to tailor both software and hardware architecture to  the … researchers and computer system researchers to design and implement high-performance  and … hardware and software co-design in terms of tailoring the system and architecture to the …
A survey on coarse-grained reconfigurable architectures from a performance perspective | A Podobas, K Sano, S Matsuoka - IEEE Access, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The premise of Softbrain [101] is to combine both vector-level (for regular, efficient  memory-access) and data-flow (for instruction-level parallelism) computation in CGRAs to reach  high performance and power-efficiency. The architecture consists of a number of stream-engines (…
Featherlight reuse-distance measurement | Q Wang, X Liu, M Chabbi - … Performance Computer Architecture …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Data locality has a profound impact on program performance. Reuse distance-the number of  distinct memory locations accessed between two consecutive accesses to the same location-is  the de facto, machine-independent metric of data locality in a program. Reuse distance …
Performance Evaluation of RISC-Based Memory-Centric Processor Architecture | D Efnusheva - Computer Science On-line Conference, 2020 - Springer | … A promising approach that targets this problem is presented by the Hewlett Packard  international information technology company that suggests novel computer architecture, called  the Machine, [24], which utilizes non-volatile memory as a true DRAM replacement. Recent …
TDM/WDM over AWGR based passive optical network data centre architecture | AEA Eltraify, MOI Musa… - 2019 21st International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … performance limitations in current data centres to provide high performance within data centre  networks. An AWGR based passive optical network data centre architecture … A Mixed Integer  Linear Programming model is developed to optimise resource allocation in the architecture…
LTD-Router: Low latency traffic distributed FPGA based router architecture using dedicated paths | M Elahi, HS Shahhosseini - Electrical Engineering (ICEE) …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this section we propose a new router architecture that avoids HoL blocking and thus  improve network performance by reducing network … In this work, we propose a new router  architecture in order to avoid head-of-line (HoL) blocking by devoting dedicated queues or virtual …
Improving predication efficiency through compaction/restoration of simd instructions | A Barredo, JM Cebrian, M Moretó… - … High Performance …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … ubiquitous in today’s computer architectures [1], [2], [21], [… architecture designs that benefit  from DLP with a massive amount of threads executing the same instruction in a lock-step model.  Many applications can potentially benefit from vectorized execution for better performance, …
Mach-RT: A Many Chip Architecture for Ray Tracing. | E Vasiou, K Shkurko, E Brunvand… - High Performance …, 2019 - diglib.eg.org | … Figure 1: Overview of Mach-RT – our multiple chip architecture for high-performance ray  tracing… Abstract We propose an unconventional solution to high-performance ray tracing that  combines … It is well known in the computer architecture community that memory traffic, especially …
Adaptive Cache Clustering in Multi-Core Architecture | M Dehyadegari - 2019 - sid.ir | … work for improving performance by optimizing the last level cache (LLC). In Section III we  describe our proposed architecture which is … nuca cache partitioning scheme for chip  multiprocessors," in International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture, 2007. …
Killi: Runtime fault classification to deploy low voltage caches without MBIST | S Ganapathy, J Kalamatianos… - … High Performance …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … effective mechanisms to reduce energy consumption in highperformance microprocessors.  However, VDD … As more applications continue to exploit throughputoriented architectures  such as Graphics Processing Units (GPUs), designers strive to maximize performance by …
In-situ ai: Towards autonomous and incremental deep learning for iot systems | M Song, K Zhong, J Zhang, Y Hu, D Liu… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We also develop a novel two-level weight shared Insitu AI architecture to efficiently deploy  In-situ tasks to IoT node. Compared with … Next, we evaluate the overall performance of our  pipelinebased In-situ AI architecture (WSS-NWS). Fig. 23 illustrates the maximum overall …
High-Performance Low-Memory Lowering: GEMM-based Algorithms for DNN Convolution | A Anderson, A Vasudevan, C Keane… - … Computer Architecture …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Our evaluation yields several novel low-memory algorithms which match the performance of  the best known approaches despite requiring … High performance convolutional neural  networks for document processing. In Tenth International Workshop on Frontiers in Handwriting …
Application aware scalable architecture for GPGPU | W Thomas, RD Daruwala - Journal of Systems Architecture, 2018 - Elsevier | … We present the performance of the proposed architecture with the profiling overhead  experienced by various applications. The resulting … Her research interest includes computer  architecture, parallelism, GPU, CUDA programming and high performance computing. She is …
Blockqnn: Efficient block-wise neural network architecture generation | Z Zhong, Z Yang, B Deng, J Yan, W Wu… - IEEE transactions on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … With the block-wise design, the network can not only achieves high performance but also  generalizes well to different datasets and tasks. Unlike previous research on automating neural  network design which generates the entire network directly, we aim at designing the block …
TNPU: An efficient accelerator architecture for training convolutional neural networks | J Li, G Yan, W Lu, S Jiang, S Gong, J Wu… - Proceedings of the 24th …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … , TNPU maintains a stable high performance and consistently and significantly outperforms  the baselines. By contrast, the performance of … In recent years, accelerating deep learning  applications has been one of the hottest research tops in computer architecture. This section …
Expert System For Personal Computer Mendiagnosa kerusakan Method Using Certainty Factor | Y Simare-mare, F Riandari - … Architecture, and High-Performance …, 2020 - jurnal.itscience.org | … the Personal Computer. The symptoms of damage to the Personal Computer will then be  changed in the form of applications. To create an application the author uses Microsoft Visual  Studio 2010. This thesis will explain the damage report and solutions for Personal Computer. …
Memory Bandwidth Prediction for HPC Applications in NUMA Architecture | S Salehian, L Lu - … Conference on High Performance …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We verified the approach in NUMA architecture for different regular and irregular high  performance computing applications. The values for … with high accuracy and low overhead.” In  2014 IEEE 20th International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA), …
Target normal sheath acceleration and laser wakefield acceleration particle-in-cell simulations performance on CPU & GPU architectures for high-power laser systems | I Tazes, JF Ong, O Tesileanu, KA Tanaka… - Plasma Physics and …, 2020 - iopscience.iop.org | … We present an integrated study on the scalability and performance of particle-in-cell (PIC)  code simulations on CPU and GPU architectures of high parallelization focused on target  normal sheath acceleration (TNSA) and laser wakefield acceleration (LWFA) experiments. The …
Implementing the jaccard index on the migratory memory-side processing emu architecture | GP Krawezik, PM Kogge, TJ Dysart… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … target for novel memory architectures. We present our implementation of the Jaccard index,  for large oriented graphs, on the Emu computer architecture. We introduce the algorithm in  Section II, as well as previous High Performance Computing implementations in Section III. In …
Area-time efficient hardware architecture for signature based on Ed448 | M Bisheh-Niasar, R Azarderakhsh… - … on Circuits and …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … that achieve high area-time efficiency, rather than creating a very low area or ultra-highperformance  implementations at the high cost of the other. Our implementation can also be integrated as  an off-chip solution; however, other criteria, such as performance, are often as …
Real-time depth estimation with an optimized encoder-decoder architecture on embedded devices | X Tu, C Xu, S Liu, G Xie, R Li - … on High Performance …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, challenges of relying on high-performance computing platforms are overcome.  We boost the accuracy, inference speed, and … models for high performance on embedded  devices, existing depth estimation research relys on a high-performance computing platform. …
Synergyflow: An elastic accelerator architecture supporting batch processing of large-scale deep neural networks | J Li, G Yan, W Lu, S Gong, S Jiang, J Wu… - ACM Transactions on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … SynergyFlow can dynamically reconfigure itself according to the workload characteristics,  maintaining a high performance and high resource utilization among various models. As a  case study, we implement SynergyFlow on a P395-AB FPGA board. Under 100MHz working …
μdpm: Dynamic power management for the microsecond era | CH Chou, LN Bhuyan, D Wong - … High Performance Computer …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The complex, distributed nature of data centers have spawned the adoption of distributed,  multi-tiered software architectures, consisting of many inter-connected microservices. These  microservices exhibit extremely short request service times, often less than 250μs. We show …
A look at computer architecture evaluation methodologies | M Badr, NE Jerger - The 2nd Workshop on Pioneering Processor …, 2018 - mariobadr.com | … We hypothesize that different topics in computer architecture are evaluated differently. For  example, we expect that publications on networks-on… We present a classification of computer  architecture along two axes. The first axis divides papers into the type of processor they use or …
Fly-inspired edge detection: Architecture and reconfigurable embedded implementation | ON Adabonyan, D Llamocca… - 2018 IEEE 61st …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The low-resource, highperformance system can effectively detect edge orientation and  location. This work illustrates the advantages of run-time reconfiguration technology for the  implementation of fly-inspired vision algorithms whose capabilities can surpass or supplement …
Tensordimm: A practical near-memory processing architecture for embeddings and tensor operations in deep learning | Y Kwon, Y Lee, M Rhu - Proceedings of the 52nd Annual IEEE/ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … to a high-bandwidth switch such as NVSwitch [62] which allows high-bandwidth, low-latency  data transfers between any pair of GPUs. Our proposal utilizes a pooled memory architecture  “inside” the high-… • The computer architecture community has so far primarily focused on …
Wasted dynamic power and correlation to instruction set architecture for CPU throttling | AA Owahid, EB John - The Journal of Supercomputing, 2019 - Springer | … dynamic power in RISC-V architecture. To rank higher stall … performance loss. These  results are expected to enable researchers to reduce wasted dynamic power by modifying  existing architecture and effectively apply throttling mechanism without significant performance …
Bit fusion: Bit-level dynamically composable architecture for accelerating deep neural network | H Sharma, J Park, N Suda, L Lai… - … Architecture (ISCA), 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Advances in high-performance computer architecture design has been a major driver for the  rapid evolution of Deep Neural Networks (… CNNs to improve performance and energy efficiency.  The above works focus solely on binary DNNs to achieve high performance at the cost of …
CFD code adaptation to the FPGA architecture | K Rojek, K Halbiniak… - … of High Performance …, 2021 - journals.sagepub.com | … Here we include the performance and performance per watt comparison of the results achieved  using Xilinx Alveo U250 FPGA and achieved on the remaining CPU platforms. The results  are expressed as a speedup, defined as S = P F P G A / P C P U , where P F P G A and P C …
High performance multiplier-less pipelined FPGA architecture for 2-D non-separable quaternionic filter banks | EV Rybenkov, NA Petrovsky - … : Algorithms, Architectures …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The memory-efficient and high-performance quaternion multiplier architecture based on the  distributed arithmetic (DA-ROM) modules and 4D CORDIC algorithm for multiplying quaternions  are presented in [8] and [9] respectively. The main disadvantage of the given ROMbased …
Using the ML-based architecture for adaptive containerized system creation | MM Rovnyagin, AV Guminskaia… - … IEEE Conference of …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … service architecture, where one large application is divided into several differently functional  parts. Each part is packaged in an isolated container with its own file system, process space  and IP address. … The architecture of our solution consists of the following components: …
Computer vision algorithms and hardware implementations: A survey | X Feng, Y Jiang, X Yang, M Du, X Li - Integration, 2019 - Elsevier | … Because such a simple architecture limits the CNN kernel size and does not offer data  caching, it cannot achieve extremely high performance. … They are intellectual property (IP)  cores that are designed to deliver high performance computation and low power consumption for …
D-oram: Path-oram delegation for low execution interference on cloud servers with untrusted memory | R Wang, Y Zhang, J Yang - … Performance Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … architecture that is yet to prevail in mainstream cloud servers. In this paper, we propose D-ORAM,  a novel Path ORAM scheme for achieving high-… D-ORAM leverages the buffer-on-board (BOB)  memory architecture to offload the Path ORAM primitives to a secure engine in the …
High performance distributed in-memory architectures for trade surveillance system | R Bansod, S Kadarkar, R Virk, M Raval… - … on Parallel and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we discuss high performance, scalable streaming architectures for trade  surveillance applications using Ignite, Kafka Streams … Our proposed architecture for trade  surveillance system using Ignite outperforms both Flink and Kafka streams based architectures. The …
Automatic code generation for high-performance discontinuous Galerkin methods on modern architectures | D Kempf, R Heß, S Müthing, P Bastian - ACM Transactions on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … We believe that loopy’s level of abstraction hits this sweet spot needed for a high performance  code generation workflow. Our code is … study the performance of the proposed algorithms  on two different architectures. As we strongly believe that in order for performance numbers …
An architecture model for a distributed virtualization system | PA Pessolani - Journal of Computer Science & Technology, 2019 - sedici.unlp.edu.ar | … for delivering high-performance cloud services with provider-class features as high-availability, …  The proposed architecture model keeps the appreciated features of current virtualization …  DOS, such as transparency, greater performance, high-availability, elasticity, and scalability. …
Accel-Sim: An extensible simulation framework for validated GPU modeling | M Khairy, Z Shen, TM Aamodt… - … Computer Architecture  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Finally, surrounding the new frontend and flexible performance model is an infrastructure  that … In the computer architecture space, keeping up with proprietary industrial machines is a  … to both the microarchitecture and Instruction Set Architecture (ISA) are commonplace in each …
Leaking information through cache LRU states | W Xiong, J Szefer - … High Performance Computer Architecture  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The Least-Recently Used cache replacement policy and its variants are widely deployed in  modern processors. This paper shows for the first time in detail that the LRU states of caches  can be used to leak information: any access to a cache by a sender will modify the LRU state…
E-RNN: Design optimization for efficient recurrent neural networks in FPGAs | Z Li, C Ding, S Wang, W Wen, Y Zhuo… - … High Performance …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) are becoming increasingly important for time series-related  applications which require efficient and real-time implementations. The two major types are  Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) and Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) networks. It is a …
Fafnir: Accelerating sparse gathering by using efficient near-memory intelligent reduction | B Asgari, R Hadidi, J Cao, SK Lim… - … Performance Computer …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Memory-bound sparse gathering, caused by irregular random memory accesses, has become  an obstacle in several on-demand applications such as embedding lookup in recommendation  systems. To reduce the amount of data movement, and thereby better utilize memory …
Introduction to Computer Architecture | A Elahi - Computer Systems, 2018 - Springer | … Just as the architecture of a building defines its overall design and functions, so computer  architecture defines the design and functionality of a computer system. The components of a  microcomputer are designed to interact with one another, and this interaction plays an …
Decision Support System Employee Performance Appraisal Method Using TOPSIS | TB Febrian, A Simangunsong - … Computer Networks, Architecture …, 2020 - jurnal.itscience.org | Employee performance is the level of achievement of an employee of a particular task that is  influenced by internal and external factors of the company where the employee works.  Employee performance is influenced by many factors including competency, attendance, loyalty …
Wireless communication for high-speed passenger rail services: A study on the design and evaluation of a unified architecture | S Banerjee, M Hempel… - ASME/IEEE Joint …, 2020 - asmedigitalcollection.asme.org | … of the architecture to facilitate a future-proof design, high-performance operations for … the  theoretical studies and computer simulations of the proposed network architectures, as well as  the … computer simulation model for evaluating large-scale environments with high fidelity and …
Pm3: Power modeling and power management for processing-in-memory | C Zhang, T Meng, G Sun - … Performance Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We evaluate the performance and power of proposed techniques based on prior PIM  designs via architecture-level simulation. The speedup against non-PIM systems is used as a  metric of performance. Various memories are analyzed under the BP model to show their fitness …
Techniques for reducing the connected-standby energy consumption of mobile devices | J Haj-Yahya, Y Sazeides, M Alser… - … on High Performance …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 2.1 Intel Skylake Mobile System Architecture We present the high-level architecture of an  Intel Skylake [21] mobile system that includes the … This technique is efficient for low-leakage  processors, but for high performance processors, as in our case, leakage is high even when …
Optimize the Power Consumption and SNR of the 3D Photonic High-Radix Switch Architecture Based on Extra Channels and Redundant Rings | J Jian, M Lai, L Xiao - … of Computer Networks and Communications, 2018 - hindawi.com | … , the peak performance of HPC will reach exascale (1018), with over 200,000 computational  nodes [1]. Such large scale and high performance raise higher requirements to the bandwidth,  power consumption, and latency of the EHPC interconnection network. High-radix switch …
Optimization of geosynchronous space situational awareness architectures using parallel computation | MS Felten - 2018 - scholar.afit.edu | … Experimental trials that would have taken over 100 years on a desktop computer were  completed in weeks using a highperformance computer containing over 125,000 cores. The  results of the optimizer clearly favor 1.0-meter aperture ground telescopes combined with 0.15-…
Depth-Wise Neural Architecture Search | A Jordao, F Akio, M Lie, W Robson Schwartz - arXiv e-prints, 2020 - ui.adsabs.harvard.edu | … We conduct experiments on the CIFAR and different versions of ImageNet datasets, where  we show that architectures discovered by our approach achieve better accuracy and efficiency  than human-designed architectures. Additionally, we show that architectures discovered on …
Mitigating voltage drop in resistive memories by dynamic reset voltage regulation and partition reset | F Zokaee, L Jiang - … High Performance Computer Architecture  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we propose two array micro-architecture level techniques, dynamic RESET  voltage regulation (DRVR) and partition RESET (PR), to mitigate voltage drop … In this paper,  we propose array micro-architecture techniques to mitigate voltage drop in ReRAM CP arrays. …
High performance GCM architecture for the security of high speed network | V Mohanraj, R Sakthivel, A Paul, S Rho - International Journal of Parallel …, 2018 - Springer | … This work proposes the parallel architecture to achieve high performance for the AES-GCM  mode. This architecture will progress the latency and the throughput of the architecture  presented by Mozaffari Kermani and Reyhani-Masoleh [29] for GHASH. To find the powers of H, …
ALPHA: A learning-enabled high-performance Network-on-Chip router design for heterogeneous manycore architectures | Y Li, A Louri - IEEE Transactions on Sustainable Computing, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … His conducts research in the broad area of computer architecture and parallel computing, with  emphasis on interconnection networks, optical interconnects for scalable parallel computing  systems, reconfigurable computing systems, and power-efficient and reliable network-on-…
A 4GHz 16nm SRAM Architecture with Low-Power Features for Heterogeneous Computing Platforms | C Cakir, AW Chen, YK Chong… - 2019 Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Most highperformance SRAMs have input latches that are active-low to allow addresses to  partially decode before clock arrives. However, … 5 shows the dual-rail SRAM architecture  where the power supply is split for the bitcell (VDDCE) and periphery (VDDPE). The core array is …
KPart: A hybrid cache partitioning-sharing technique for commodity multicores | N El-Sayed, A Mukkara, PA Tsai… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We demonstrate that KPart’s cacheaware clustering is key to achieving good performance—  … the gap with high-performance partitioning when the goal is to improve performance. Finally,  … on detailed profiling information is essential to achieving high-performance configurations. …
Function-safe vehicular ai processor with nano core-in-memory architecture | Y Kwon, J Yang, YP Cho, KS Shin… - … Circuits and Systems …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … and high speed memory while achieving high-performance with lowpower and compact area  constraints necessitates designing a novel AI processor architecture. We … In the following  sections, we describe the architecture of the processor as well as the philosophy applied in the …
A RISC-V Simulator and Benchmark Suite for Designing and Evaluating Vector Architectures | C Ramírez, CA Hernández, O Palomar… - … on Architecture and …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … force of computer designs where energy is one of the primary constraints. One effective way  to achieve high performance and efficiency is … In this sense, the incorporation of the new  RISC-V vector extension will offer to the computer architecture community maximum freedom in …
Evaluating POWER Architecture for Distributed Training of Generative Adversarial Networks | A Hesam, S Vallecorsa, G Khattak… - … on High Performance …, 2019 - Springer | … In this work, we evaluate the scaling performance of … performance must be improved  significantly in order to test and deploy this deep learning approach to various types of detectors  and particles. This paper is an effort to assess the performance of IBM POWER architecture …
Manycore-based scalable ssd architecture towards one and more million IOPS | J Zhang, M Kwon, M Swift, M Jung - Annual Non-Volatile Memories …, 2021 - nvmw.ucsd.edu | … We evaluate the performance of a real Intel customer-grade SSD (750SSD) [7] and high-performance  NVMe SSD (4600SSD) [8] for a better comparison. We also emulate another SSD platform (ManyLayered),  which is an approach to scale up the layered firmware on many …
An intelligent driving simulation platform: architecture, implementation and application | Y Sun, X Yang, H Xiao, H Feng - … International Conference on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … high-performance computing server is required to run multiple Carla servers in parallel, where  computing resources allocation, network port allocation and cloud migration must be addressed.  Accordingly, a high-performance computer … The high-performance computer shall be …
Opening the Black Box: Performance Estimation during Code Generation for GPUs | D Ernst, G Hager, M Knorr, G Wellein… - … Computer Architecture …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … -specific performance models, or treat performance as an intangible black box that must be  described via machine learning. This paper addresses the selection problem by identifying  the relevant performance-defining mechanisms through a performance model coupled with an …
Autonomic Secure HPC Fabric Architecture | F Fargo, S Sury - … 15th International Conference on Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Omni-Path Fabric provides the next generation interconnect architecture with high  performance capability as well as additional security features compared to other architectures  such as packet integrity protection that allows for rapid and transparent recovery of transmission …
Optimization of a sparse grid-based data mining kernel for architectures using AVX-512 | PC Sârbu, HJ Bungartz - … Architecture and High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Sparse grids have already been successfully used in various high-performance computing (HPC)  applications, including data mining. In this article, we take a legacy classification kernel  previously optimized for the AVX2 instruction set and investigate the benefits of using the …
STT-RAM memory hierarchy designs aimed to performance, reliability and energy consumption | C Escuín Blasco, T Monreal Arnal… - ACACES 2019: July …, 2019 - upcommons.upc.edu | … Nvm way allocation scheme to reduce nvm writes for hybrid cache architecture in chip-multiprocessors.  IEEE Transactions on Parallel and … Highly reliable and low-power nonvolatile cache  memory with advanced perpendicular stt-mram for high-performance cpu. In 2014 …
Image-Processing Architectures | SS Wilson - Digital Image Processing Methods, 2020 - taylorfrancis.com | … computer architecture concepts, to analyze these architectures critically, and to disclose some  of the methodology that goes into the design or selection process of a computer … Exceptions  occur for high-end systems that have high performance for almost any application, and for …
Understanding the performance of storage class memory file systems in the NUMA architecture | J Kim, Y Kim, A Khan, S Park - Cluster Computing, 2019 - Springer | … Therefore, for I/O intensive applications, excessive remote accesses can hurt the performance.  Placing data and threads on the same socket is recommended for high performance. In  current Linux kernel, page allocation in page cache follows first-touch policy, where a page …
A vertical 2T NOR (V2T) architecture to enable scaling and low-power solutions for NOR flash technology | HT Lue, TH Hsu, TH Yeh, WC Chen… - … IEEE Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this work, we developed a new vertical 2T (V2T) NOR Flash architecture that … high-K  metal-gate (HK/MG) integration is developed to provide high-performance BE-MANOS  charge-trapping device with excellent 1M endurance and retention reliability. The 2T NOR …
Toward efficient architecture-independent algorithms for dynamic programs | MM Javanmard, P Ganapathi, R Das, Z Ahmad… - … on High Performance …, 2019 - Springer | … However, such a looping code is usually not suitable for high performance on a modern  computer with a memory hierarchy as without any temporal locality 2 in its data access  pattern it often spends significantly more time in data transfers than in actual computations. …
EMSim: A microarchitecture-level simulation tool for modeling electromagnetic side-channel signals | N Sehatbakhsh, BB Yilmaz, A Zajic… - … Computer Architecture …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Side-channel attacks have become a serious security concern for computing systems,  especially for embedded devices, where the device is often located in, or in proximity to, a public  place, and yet the system contains sensitive information. To design systems that are highly …
Architecture design of distributed redundant flight control computer based on time-triggered buses for UAVs | X Zhang, X Zhao - IEEE Sensors Journal, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … a high-integrity avionics system by utilizing a reconfigurable computer architecture. In this  paper, based on research on the safety, reliability, real-time performance, system architectures…  of a low power consumption, low cost, high performance, and fast technology iteration speed …
Compressing DMA engine: Leveraging activation sparsity for training deep neural networks | M Rhu, M O'Connor, N Chatterjee… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Our goal is to develop a virtualization solution for DNN training that satisfies both memory-scalability  and high performance. We present a compressing DMA engine (cDMA), a general purpose  DMA architecture for GPUs that alleviates PCIe bottlenecks by reducing the size of …
Design and implementation of a dynamic information flow tracking architecture to secure a RISC-V core for IoT applications | C Palmiero, G Di Guglielmo, L Lavagno… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—Security for Internet-of-Things devices is an increasingly critical aspect of computer  architecture, with implications that spread … flow tracking (DIFT) architecture for RISC-V  processor cores. Our approach exhibits the following features at the architecture level. First, it …
A Power-efficient Hybrid Architecture Design for Image Recognition using CNNs | J Choi, S Srinivasa, Y Tanabe… - 2018 IEEE Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … high performance systems and the availability of vast training sets of labeled images,  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have changed the landscape of computer … For  highperformance GPUs, such as the NVIDIA Titan X, running AlexNet takes less than 40msecs to …
Performance evaluation and benchmarking | LK John, L Eeckhout - 2018 - taylorfrancis.com | … performance evaluation, and other interesting topics. We expect it to be useful to graduate  students in computer architecture and to computer … His primary research interests are  high-performance computer architecture, parallel computing, hardware-software interactions, nano-…
Neural cache: Bit-serial in-cache acceleration of deep neural networks | C Eckert, X Wang, J Wang… - … Architecture (ISCA), 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … improves performance of many other workloads when not functioning as a DNN accelerator.  Neural Cache aims to achieve high performance… Further, Neural Cache is limited by commercial  SRAM technology and general purpose processor’s interconnect architecture. A custom …
A Reversible-Logic based Architecture for Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) Network | K Khalil, B Dey, A Kumar… - 2021 IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we have proposed a novel design of LSTM architecture using reversible  logic gates. To the best of our knowledge, the … neural networks in FPGAs,” in 2019 IEEE  International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA), 2019, pp. 69–80. …
Saliency: a new selection criterion of important architectures in neural architecture search | J Hao, Z Cai, R Li, W Zhu - Neural Computing and Applications, 2021 - Springer | … Therefore, our method can search for a neural architecture with high performance at a low  computational cost. Figure 1 illustrates our … Our architecture saliency directly reflects the  importance of a specific candidate architecture to the network performance rather than evaluating …
Efficient Architecture Search for Deep Neural Networks | RD Gottapu, CH Dagli - Procedia Computer Science, 2020 - Elsevier | … to beat the state-of-the-art results as its main focus is to show that deep search spaces  are indeed capable of generating high performance architectures. Therefore, the future work  will be targeted to generate architectures that are better than the current best architectures. …
Cloud computing architecture for high-volume ML-based solutions | MM Rovnyagin, KV Timofeev… - … IEEE Conference of …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … ARCHITECTURE DESIGN Based on the above mentioned studies, this article proposes an  architecture for launching ML models based on containerization technologies. Each machine  learning model is packaged in a separate container. In addition to the python/R code of the …
Sunway supercomputer architecture towards exascale computing: analysis and practice | J Gao, F Zheng, F Qi, Y Ding, H Li, H Lu… - Science China …, 2021 - scis.scichina.com | … Moreover, this paper proposes the Sunway computer architecture towards exascale computing  … , which will open the exascale era for high performance computing (HPC). However, because  … of IEEE International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA), …
Mcsim: An extensible dram memory controller simulator | R Mirosanlou, D Guo, M Hassan… - … Computer Architecture …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Interest has since been growing in the area of computer architecture and real-time systems  to improve the throughput of the system and/or guarantee timing requirements through novel  scheduling algorithms. Consequently, comprehensive simulators are highly demanded since …
Communication lower bound in convolution accelerators | X Chen, Y Han, Y Wang - … Performance Computer Architecture  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … CNN accelerator architecture is proposed, which not only reaches the minimum communication,  but also can adapt to different convolutional layer dimensions with high resource utilization.  The significance of this work is not purely on the proposed dataflow and/or architecture, …
Fast parallel simulation of a manycore architecture with a flit-level on-chip network model | S Kang, J Kang, S Ha - … on Embedded Computer Systems: Architectures …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … interconnects, especially for the manycore architecture that integrates multiple components.  … However, highperformance NoC simulation is very challenging. The main reason is that there  … IEEE International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture. IEEE, 1–12. …
High-Performance WSe2 Phototransistors with 2D/2D Ohmic Contacts | T Wang, K Andrews, A Bowman, T Hong, M Koehler… - Nano …, 2018 - ACS Publications | … Our experimental results provide an accessible strategy to achieve high-performance WSe  2 phototransistor architectures by improving their electrical transport and photocurrent  generation simultaneously, opening up new avenues for engineering future 2D optoelectronic …
STASH: Security architecture for smart hybrid memories | S Swami, J Rakshit, K Mohanram - 2018 55th ACM/ESDA/IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This section presents the SHM architecture and a valid threat model based on state-of-the-art  in memory security. … [4] MK Qureshi et al., “Scalable high performance main memory  system using phase-change memory technology,” Proc. ISCA, 2009. [5] G. …
Energy Aware Time Change Detection using Synthetic Aperture Radar on High-Performance Heterogeneous Architectures: A DDDAS Approach | S Ranka, S Sahni, MS Schmalz - 2020 - apps.dtic.mil | … High-level view of change detection architecture employed in CD algorithm. 51 Figure 28.  High-level view of supervoxel segmentation architecture in … of our SAR algorithms and  optimization of their performance on the Intel Knight’s Landing hybrid multiprocessor architecture. …
Memory Bandwidth Prediction in NUMA Architecture Using Supervised Machine Learning | S Salehian, L Lu - 2019 International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We implement this approach in NUMA architecture and verify its accuracy by applying it to  different ranges of regular and irregular high performance … In 2014 IEEE 20th International  Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA), pp. 380-391. IEEE, 2014. …
A modular and extensible software architecture for particle dynamics | S Eibl, U Rüde - arXiv preprint arXiv:1906.10963, 2019 - arxiv.org | … In particular, the new modular architecture is designed such that physical models can be  modified and extended by domain scientists … to achieve good performance on current  supercomputer architectures. This goal is achieved by combining the high performance simulation …
DITVA: Dynamic inter-thread vectorization architecture | S Kalathingal, S Collange, BN Swamy… - Journal of Parallel and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … We motivate the DITVA proposition for a high throughput SPMD oriented processor  architecture in Section 2, and describe the DITVA architecture in Section 4. Section 5  evaluates … His interests are in high performance CPU and GPU microarchitectures. …
Hybrid2: Combining caching and migration in hybrid memory systems | E Vasilakis, V Papaefstathiou… - … on High Performance …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper considers a hybrid memory system composed of memory technologies with  different characteristics; in particular a small, near memory exhibiting high bandwidth, ie, 3D-stacked  DRAM, and a larger, far memory offering capacity at lower bandwidth, ie, off-chip DRAM. …
Ppt-gpu: Scalable gpu performance modeling | Y Arafa, AHA Badawy, G Chennupati… - … Architecture Letters, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … a high impact on the application performance, we also show the effects of adding the L2  cache to the prediction accuracy of PPT-GPU. Building a model that can predict the performance  of … Since cache can have a high impact on the application performance, we use an oracle to …
CASINO core microarchitecture: Generating out-of-order schedules using cascaded in-order scheduling windows | I Jeong, S Park, C Lee, WW Ro - … High Performance Computer …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … their low complexity and high energy efficiency, but have provided limited performance. This  is … Recently, an alternative approach has been introduced to provide high performance while  … up, discovered architectures so far suffer from either high complexity or limited performance, …
A quantum computer architecture based on silicon donor qubits coupled by photons | X Yan, W Asavanant, H Kamakari, J Wu… - Advanced Quantum …, 2020 - Wiley Online Library | … [ 11 ] They all have their advantages and disadvantages; it is the task of quantum computer  architecture to exploit the strengths and to mitigate the weaknesses. For example, superconducting  qubits—and other types of physical qubits employing lithographic technology—are …
NPUFort: A secure architecture of DNN accelerator against model inversion attack | X Wang, R Hou, Y Zhu, J Zhang, D Meng - Proceedings of the 16th ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … • We implement the secure architecture based on NVDLA [17] at the Register Transfer Level  (RTL), and evaluate the feasibility and effectiveness of the secure architecture. Then we also  present the quantitative relationship between secure architecture design and performance …
A novel performance aware real-time data handling for big data platforms on Lambda architecture | R Patan, MR Babu - International Journal of Computer …, 2018 - inderscienceonline.com | … His research interests include big data, real-time data processing, soft computing, fault  tolerance, and high performance computing. … He produced more than 75 international/national  publications and authored three books in the area of computer architecture, compiler design …
Design and evaluation of a power-efficient approximate systolic array architecture for matrix multiplication | H Waris, C Wang, W Liu… - 2019 IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … one of the most favorable architecture to achieve high performance for matrix multiplication. In  … Results show that the proposed architecture for 8bit matrix multiplication with an approximation  … The practicality of the proposed architecture is established by computing the Discrete …
Power and performance optimal noc design for cpu-gpu architecture using formal models | L Alhubail, N Bagherzadeh - … & Test in Europe Conference & …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we focus on designing an efficient 2D mesh interconnection that takes the  difference in architecture of the CPU and GPU into … Power, MD Hill, and DA Wood, “Supporting  x86-64 address translation for 100s of gpu lanes,” in High Performance Computer Architecture …
Proactive useless data flush architecture for nonvolatile SRAM using magnetic tunnel junctions | D Kitagata, Y Shuu, S Sugahara - IEICE Electronics Express, 2020 - jstage.jst.go.jp | … In the normal SRAM operation mode, the NV-SRAM cell can act as a high performance 6T  cell, since the 6T cell part is electrically separated from the MTJs by shutting off M1 and M2.  At the beginning of PG execution, data in the 6T cell part are stored in its corresponding MTJs …
Prodigy: Improving the Memory Latency of Data-Indirect Irregular Workloads Using Hardware-Software Co-Design | N Talati, K May, A Behroozi, Y Yang… - … High-Performance …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We evaluate the performance, energy consumption, and transistor cost of Prodigy using a  variety of algorithms from the GAP, HPCG, and NAS benchmark suites. We compare the  performance of Prodigy against a non-prefetching baseline as well as state-of-the-art prefetchers. …
OpenCL Performance on the Intel Heterogeneous Architecture Research Platform | S Harris, RD Chamberlain, C Gill - … IEEE High Performance …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … develop highperformance kernels on reconfigurable hardware. The SWI implementations,  as seen in Figure 8, consistently performed worse than the standard CBLAS computations. The  SWI execution model is recommended for FPGA implementations given that its architecture …
CLBM: Controlled load-balancing mechanism for congestion management in silicon interposer NoC architecture | M Soleymani, M Reshadi, N Bagherzadeh… - … of Systems Architecture, 2019 - Elsevier | … Dr Bagherzadeh has been involved in research and development in the areas of: computer  architecture, reconfigurable computing, VLSI chip design, network-on-chip, 3D chips, sensor  networks, and computer graphics since he received a Ph.D. degree from the University of …
A Fault-Tolerant Agent-Based Architecture for Transient Servers in Fog Computing | JP de Araujo Neto, DM Pianto… - … Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … cloud computing architecture. The architecture combines machine learning and a statistical  model to predict instance survival times, refine fault tolerance parameters and reduce total  execution time. We evaluate our strategies and the experiments demonstrate high levels of …
Architectural support for task dependence management with flexible software scheduling | E Castillo, L Alvarez, M Moreto, M Casas… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The growing complexity of multi-core architectures has motivated a wide range of software  mechanisms to improve the orchestration of parallel executions. Task parallelism has  become a very attractive approach thanks to its programmability, portability and potential for …
An efficient scheduling algorithm for dataflow architecture using loop-pipelining | Y Li, M Wu, X Ye, W Li, R Xue, D Wang, H Zhang… - Information …, 2021 - Elsevier | … high performance which usually results in high power consumption on conventional processors.  Dataflow architecture has recently seen a growing interest, since it offers high … There are  two approaches to increase instruction-level parallelism in different computer architectures: …
Improving the performance of STT-MRAM LLC through enhanced cache replacement policy | PY Péneau, D Novo, F Bruguier, L Torres… - … on Architecture of …, 2018 - Springer | … of computer architecture design for the last decades. While the demand for more computing  resources is growing every year, much effort has been put on finding the best trade-off  between performance and power consumption in order to build energy-efficient architectures. …
A configurable cloud-scale DNN processor for real-time AI | J Fowers, K Ovtcharov, M Papamichael… - … Architecture (ISCA), 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper describes the NPU architecture for Project Brainwave, a production-scale  system for real-time AI. The … high performance is through pinning neural networks—the idea  that model weights can be pinned onto on-chip memory in order to achieve the necessary high …
Power aware heterogeneous node assembly | B Acun, A Buyuktosunoglu, EK Lee… - … Performance Computer …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | To meet ever increasing computational requirements, supercomputers and data centers are  beginning to utilize fat compute nodes with multiple hardware components such as manycore  CPUs and accelerators. These components have intrinsic power variations even among …
Cache telepathy: Leveraging shared resource attacks to learn {DNN} architectures | M Yan, CW Fletcher, J Torrellas - 29th {USENIX} Security Symposium …, 2020 - usenix.org | … relu is a simple activation which does not need support from libm, while the other  functions are computationally intensive and generally leverage libm to achieve high  performance. We remark that nearly all convolutional layers use relu or a close variant [26…
Survey on evolving deep learning neural network architectures | A Bashar - Journal of Artificial Intelligence, 2019 - irojournals.com | … This enables the deep learning neural networks to have a state of art accuracy that mostly  expels even the human performance. So the paper is to present the survey on the deep  learning neural network architectures utilized in various applications for having an accurate …
Design of high-speed multiplier architecture based on vedic mathematics | CVS Chaitanya, C Sundaresan… - International …, 2018 - manipal.pure.elsevier.com | … High speed and efficient multipliers are essential components in today's computational circuits  like digital signal processing, algorithms for cryptography and high performance processors.  Invariably, almost all processing units will contain hardware multipliers based on some …
Towards a uniform architecture for the efficient implementation of 2D and 3D deconvolutional neural networks on FPGAs | D Wang, J Shen, M Wen… - 2019 IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … beneficial high performance andenergy efficiency of FPGAs. However,tothebest … 1)We  propose a uniform architecture for efficient implementation of 2Dand3D … 2)We propose a  mapping scheme of 2Dand3D DCNNson the uniform architecture, whichcan efficiently improve the …
Warp scheduling for fine-grained synchronization | A ElTantawy, TM Aamodt - … Performance Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Fine-grained synchronization is employed in many parallel algorithms and is often implemented  using busy-wait synchronization (eg, spin locks). However, busy-wait synchronization  incurs significant overheads and existing CPU solutions do not readily translate to single-…
An instruction set architecture for machine learning | Y Chen, H Lan, Z Du, S Liu, J Tao, D Han… - … on Computer Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … novel domain-specific Instruction Set Architecture (ISA) for NN accelerators, called Cambricon,  which is a load-store architecture that integrates scalar, vector, … (1) Preprocessing: To achieve  high performance, macro is heavily used in Cambricon-AL. While preprocessing, blocks …
MITRACA: A next-gen heterogeneous architecture | RB Abdelhamid, Y Yamaguchi… - 2019 IEEE 13th …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … High performance computing is the field of computer science which covers all software and  hardware aspects that aim at enhancing the performance of … These hardware accelerators  are usually integrated into a larger heterogeneous computing architecture. General purpose …
Efficient process-in-memory architecture design for unsupervised gan-based deep learning using reram | F Chen, L Song, HH Li - Proceedings of the 2019 on Great Lakes …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … This learning process is performed iteratively until we obtain a generator with strong  generative capability and a discriminator with high … In this paper, we present our research on  efficient architecture design for GANs. We utilize the energy efficiency of the emerging resistive …
Hybrid MPI+ OpenMP Implementation of eXtended Discrete Element Method | AW Mainassara Chekaraou, A Rousset… - … Computer Architecture …, 2018 - orbilu.uni.lu | … However, increasing the size or the accuracy of a model requires the use of High  Performance Computing (HPC) platforms over a parallelized implementation to accommodate  the growing needs in terms of memory and computation time. In practice, such a parallelization is …
Reliability Enhanced Heterogeneous Phase Change Memory Architecture for Performance and Energy Efficiency | T Kwon, M Imran, JS Yang - IEEE Transactions on Computers, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … in storage density, performance and energy efficiency. In this paper, we propose a heterogeneous  PCM architecture which uses both multi-… His research interests are high performance  processor architecture, low power CPU and GPU implementations, high bandwidth memory …
A high-level model for exploring multi-core architectures | M Badr, NE Jerger - Parallel Computing, 2018 - Elsevier | … to evaluate the performance of applications on future, non-existent systems and architectures.  Compared to real hardware, our model estimates performance with a geometric average of  7.2% error across thirteen benchmarks and can generate performance characteristics per …
Netdimm: Low-latency near-memory network interface architecture | M Alian, NS Kim - Proceedings of the 52nd Annual IEEE/ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We first start with background information on the conventional network architecture, DDR5  support for asynchronous memory access, and … Re-architecting datacenter networks and  stacks for low latency and high performance. In Proceedings of the Conference of the ACM …
STATICA: A 512-Spin 0.25 M-Weight Annealing Processor With an All-Spin-Updates-at-Once Architecture for Combinatorial Optimization With Complete Spin–Spin … | K Yamamoto, K Kawamura, K Ando… - IEEE Journal of Solid …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … generation and DDSS; and 4) we demonstrate that STATICA architecture can achieve the  best performance among the state-of-the-art ground-state-search processors… His research  interests include computer architecture, high-level synthesis, and machine learning acceleration. …
Flexible architectures for cryptographic algorithms—A systematic literature review | M Rashid, M Imran, AR Jafri… - Journal of Circuits …, 2019 - World Scientific | Symmetric and asymmetric cryptographic algorithms are used for a secure transmission of  data over an unsecured public channel. In order to use these algorithms in real-time  applications, many flexible hardware architectures have been proposed and implemented with …
GP-NAS: Gaussian process based neural architecture search | Z Li, T Xi, J Deng, G Zhang… - … on Computer Vision …, 2020 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … We aim to learn a performance predictor with high efficacy and identify efficient model with  high performance for different platforms without repeated search process. This performance  predictor would have the following properties: (1) It may model the correlation between …
A survey of accelerator architectures for 3D convolution neural networks | S Mittal - Journal of Systems Architecture, 2021 - Elsevier | … Contributions: In this paper, we present a survey of the techniques and architectures for … in  artificial intelligence, high-performance computing and computer architecture. … On a Xilinx  VC709 board that contains a XC7VX690T FPGA, their accelerator achieves high performance on …
StreamGrid-An AXI-Stream-Compliant Overlay Architecture | C Blochwitz, L Philipp, M Berekovic… - … Symposium on Applied …, 2021 - Springer | … From IoT to the cloud: high performance for computational-intensive applications is achieved  … Thus, the choice of an optimal overlay architecture can be made based solely on the required  … overlay architecture for each grid-size configuration offers suitable and high-performance …
An architecture for translating sequential code to parallel | K Alsubhi, F Alsolami, A Algarni, K Jambi… - Proceedings of the 2nd …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Computer scientists prefer calling them High Performance Computing (HPC) infrastructures  due to their capabilities. Unfortunately, maybe the most frequent question in our minds is this:  can these existing high performance computing infrastructures be well exploited and used …
Flower and fame: A low overhead bit-level fault-map and fault-tolerance approach for deeply scaled memories | D Kline, J Zhang, R Melhem… - … Performance Computer …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We demonstrate how FLOWER can enable improved fault tolerance at high fault rates by  enhancing existing fault tolerance proposals and yielding 10–100× improvements. Using in-memory  processing, FLOWER can maintain a <2% … SFaultMap is essentially a compact hardware …
DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION OF A HIGH SPEED AND AREA EFFICIENT VLSI ARCHITECTURE OF BINARY ADDER | RB SANKARAM, G SAILAKSHMI - Turkish Journal of Computer and …, 2021 - turcomat.org | … the performance and area/power, most of image sensors with high speed uses image sensors  in sensor arrays in column parallel ADC‟s. Though, image sensors having high … of Shannon  based adder cell, high performance low power full adder, high speed counter using GDI …
POWERT channels: A novel class of covert communicationexploiting power management vulnerabilities | SK Khatamifard, L Wang, A Das, S Kose… - … High Performance …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … to meet diverse and demanding runtime performance needs within the stringent power  budget. … Hence, we cannot reach a channel capacity as high as the three sources case alone,  as … We conclude by noting that this countermeasure incurs a high performance penalty which …
Supercomputer Lomonosov-2: Large scale, deep monitoring and fine analytics for the user community | VV Voevodin, AS Antonov, DA Nikitenko… - Supercomputing …, 2019 - superfri.org | … between complexity of modern large high performance computing systems and special …  The main objective of this paper is to show the strong correlation between the high complexity  of … The increasing complexity of computer architecture and the growth of the degree of …
Ensembles of Networks Produced from Neural Architecture Search | EJ Herron, SR Young, TE Potok - … Conference on High Performance …, 2020 - Springer | … MENNDL is a GPU-based high performance computing framework that uses an  asynchronous steady-state evolutionary algorithm to parallelize the large-scale evaluation of  networks on individual nodes, with selection, mutation, and crossover procedures controlled by a …
Multi-objective neural architecture search for light-weight model | N Li, Y Chen, Z Ding, D Zhao, Z Pang… - 2019 Chinese …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Search stage is to search for the optimal architecture while final stage is to construct the final  model… Our method can get the high-performance network architecture with fewer parameters  and … Such that ENAS can quickly search for a set of architectures with high performance. For …
Nachos: Software-driven hardware-assisted memory disambiguation for accelerators | N Vedula, A Shriraman, S Kumar… - … Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Out-of-order(OOO) execution enables high performance by executing many instructions in  parallel. Memory disambiguation is required to … in parallel (for performance). Accelerators  execute instructions out-of-order as well (typically with a dataflow architecture) and need memory …
Improving performance and energy efficiency of geophysics applications on gpu architectures | P Pavan, M Serpa, E Carreño… - … High Performance …, 2018 - hal.archives-ouvertes.fr | … Different to other approaches that allocate workload on CPU and GPU architectures, or  works that use GPUs to achieve considerable performance gains when compared to traditional  CPU architecture, our goal aims to increase the performance and energy efficiency of stencil …
VirtP4: An architecture for p4 virtualization | M Saquetti, G Bueno, W Cordeiro… - 2019 IEEE …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The existing technologies, have a prerequirement of a hardware dedicated switch to execute  each P4 program, the solution of this paper highlights the performance increase in the data  traffic and decrease in latency, due to a smaller number of dedicated devices that compose …
SAED: A self-adaptive encryption and decryption architecture | Y Zhong, Z Zhou, D Li, M Guo, Q Liu… - 2019 IEEE Intl Conf …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Both component will write to this buffer, so an efficient synchronization method is needed to  enable high performance. The basic synchronization tool is an atomic variable that points to  the offset in the buffer where the next packet should be written. This variable is accumulated …
Scaling Deep-Learning Inference with Chiplet-based Architecture and Photonic Interconnects | Y Li, A Louri, A Karanth - 2021 58th ACM/IEEE Design …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we propose a chiplet-based architecture named SPRINT for DNN inference.  SPRINT uses a global buffer to simplify the data … Design and evaluation of awgr-based photonic  noc architectures for 2.5 d integrated high performance computing systems. In HPCA, 2017…
Algorithm/architecture co-design for near-memory processing | M Drumond, A Daglis, N Mirzadeh, D Ustiugov… - ACM SIGOPS …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Efficiency implications stem from the optimization of data analytics algorithms for CPU  platforms, making heavy use of random memory accesses and relying on the cache hierarchy  for high performance. In contrast, the strength of NMP architectures is the immense memory …
Block proposal neural architecture search | J Liu, S Zhou, Y Wu, K Chen… - IEEE Transactions on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Taking Samsung Galaxy S9 with Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 as the target device, we aim  to learn effective network architecture, which can achieve high accuracy and low latency. In  this work, we implement all our neural architecture search processes based on the PyTorch [69…
Modern Parallel Architectures to Speed Up Numerical Simulation | M Lavrentiev, K Lysakov, A Romanenko… - … and High Performance …, 2019 - Springer | … Today, such words as high performance computing (HPC) have become quite common. The  lists of top 500 (see http://top500.org) of most … In the present paper we stress the performance  gain results from several areas, achieved by the use of GPU and FPGA architectures. …
A neural architecture search based framework for liquid state machine design | S Tian, L Qu, L Wang, K Hu, N Li, W Xu - Neurocomputing, 2021 - Elsevier | … suggests that the optimal models can achieve high performance (with an accuracy loss of  approximately 0.5%) by reducing 20% of neurons on the … His current research interests include  computer architecture, high-performance microprocessor design, artificial intelligence, and …
BBB: Simplifying Persistent Programming using Battery-Backed Buffers | M Alshboul, P Ramrakhyani, W Wang… - … High-Performance …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We show that with careful design, BBB’s performance is nearly identical to eADR but with  much lower hardware overhead because the … We use Arm 64bit instruction set architecture  (ISA). Our simulation models an Arm-based mobile phone with an 8-core processor, each core …
An efficient hybrid I/O caching architecture using heterogeneous SSDs | R Salkhordeh, M Hadizadeh… - IEEE Transactions on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … a low-cost hybrid caching architecture capable of providing high performance in both read-  and write-intensive applications. We propose a three-level caching … His research interests  include computer architecture, memory systems, dependable systems and systems on chip. …
Accelerate GPU concurrent kernel execution by mitigating memory pipeline stalls | H Dai, Z Lin, C Li, C Zhao, F Wang… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Since GPUs have become prevalent in high performance computing, they need to support  applications with diverse resource requirements. As a result, GPU resources are typically  underutilized by a single kernel. To solve the problem of GPU resource underutilization, …
Brain2Char: a deep architecture for decoding text from brain recordings | P Sun, GK Anumanchipalli… - Journal of Neural …, 2020 - iopscience.iop.org | … This suggests that Brain2Char's modular architecture of neural feature encoder, feature  space regularizer and text decoder is well suited for high performance NSR. The performance  trends with increasing training data size also suggest that the architecture makes optimal …
An overview of next-generation architectures for machine learning: Roadmap, opportunities and challenges in the IoT era | M Shafique, T Theocharides… - … , Automation & Test …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … challenges and thereby designing scalable, high performance, and energy efficient architectures  for performing machine learning on the edge. … in proceedings of the 38th annual international  symposium on computer architecture. acm, Usa [5] caulfield, am, et al. (2016, october). …
GraphR: Accelerating graph processing using ReRAM | L Song, Y Zhuo, X Qian, H Li… - … Performance Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To use the system, programmers have to understand its architecture and modify existing  code. Graphicionado [23] is a customized graph accelerator designed for high performance  and energy efficiency based on off-chip DRAM and on-chip eDRAM. It modifies the graph data …
Uncertainty Modeling of Emerging Device based Computing-in-Memory Neural Accelerators with Application to Neural Architecture Search | Z Yan, DC Juan, XS Hu, Y Shi - 2021 26th Asia and South …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … NAS is becoming increasingly successful mainly because it liberates human designing  labors by automatically identifying highperformance neural architectures. Co-exploration of  neural architecture and hardware design [7–9] push this concept further by incorporating …
Evolutionary neural architecture search for image restoration | GJ van Wyk, AS Bosman - 2019 International Joint Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … the number of (potentially superior) unique architectures that can be represented,  simultaneously increasing the difficulty of the optimisation problem. If the architecture search space  is overly constrained, then high performance architectures can not exist within the search space…
Lergan: A zero-free, low data movement and pim-based gan architecture | H Mao, M Song, T Li, Y Dai… - 2018 51st Annual IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … -decomposed router for on-chip communication in 3d architectures,” ACM SIGARCH  Computer Architecture News, vol. 35, no. 2, pp. … Chen, “Pipelayer: A pipelined rerambased  accelerator for deep learning,” in High Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA), 2017 IEEE …
A study of data layout in multi-channel processing-in-memory architecture | T Jeong, D Choi, S Han, EY Chung - … on Software and Computer …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … single-channel PIM architecture. Today, processor for high performance computing  server or even desktop support dualchannel or quad-channel memory. These researches  cannot reflect the latest computing system. Thus, it is needed to study multichannel PIM …
Towards an efficient architecture for intelligent theorem provers | M Rawson, G Reger - 2019 - aitp-conference.org | … Ideally, an intelligent system would guide search based on the structure of the current proof  state, while also remaining performant enough to run continuously without significantly affecting  prover performance. We present a prover architecture which attempts to achieve this ideal…
SoftEdgeNet: SDN based energy-efficient distributed network architecture for edge computing | PK Sharma, S Rathore, YS Jeong… - IEEE Communications …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … performance of the different architectures based on the log of the amount of data to the cloud  and response time to an event. Then we analyze the defense ability of the fog node during  saturation attacks, and then evaluate the performance … To compare the performance of our pro…
High performance embedded computing handbook: a systems perspective | DR Martinez, RA Bond, MM Vai - 2018 - books.google.com | … and challenging hardware and software projects leading to the demonstration of high  performance embedded computing systems. … are representative of complex high performance  embedded computing systems. This chapter elaborates on the architecture, design, and …
Process Variation Mitigation on Convolutional Neural Network Accelerator Architecture | M Ma, J Tan, X Wei, K Yan - … Conference on Computer Design …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this work, we first model the frequencies of PEs within CNN accelerator architecture under  PV. We observe that the frequencies are roughly normally distributed, which means only a  small amount of PEs have extremely low frequencies and affect the operating frequency of the …
Think fast: a tensor streaming processor (TSP) for accelerating deep learning workloads | D Abts, J Ross, J Sparling… - … Architecture (ISCA), 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—In this paper, we introduce the Tensor Streaming Processor (TSP) architecture, a  functionally-sliced microarchitecture with … We see a direct speedup in real application  performance as we demonstrate a nearly 4× speedup in batchsize-1 throughput and a nearly 4…
A novel ReRAM-based processing-in-memory architecture for graph traversal | L Han, Z Shen, D Liu, Z Shao, HH Huang… - ACM Transactions on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … On a suite of real-world graphs, our architecture yields a speedup in graph traversal  performance of up to 33.8×, and achieves a reduction … In Section 4, we briefly introduce how  graph traversal proceeds on the RPBFS architecture. An analytical performance model is presented …
Designing Algorithms for the EMU Migrating-threads-based Architecture | ME Belviranli, S Lee, JS Vetter - 2018 IEEE High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … EMU[7] is a new architecture that attempts to address the weak-locality problem in data-intensive  applications by migrating the threads to … EMU architecture. • We present an exploratory  performance analysis on the effects of these considerations on the EMU-chick hardware. …
Architecture-specific performance optimization of compute-intensive faas functions | M Chadha, A Jindal, M Gerndt - 2021 IEEE 14th International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … architectures present in GCF across the different regions. • We analyze the impact of  heterogeneity in the underlying processor architectures on the performance … We observe a  difference in performance for the different architectures. This is because of several microarchitectural …
A case for packageless processors | S Pal, D Petrisko, AA Bajwa, P Gupta… - … on high performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … ], [16], it is difficult to do so for high power, high performance processor systems without  prohibitive performance and reliability costs. Simply … In this section, we consider a baseline  many-core processor architecture and evaluate the impact on memory bandwidth, TDP, and area if …
Multi-objective neural architecture search via predictive network performance optimization | H Shi, R Pi, H Xu, Z Li, JT Kwok, T Zhang - 2019 - openreview.net | … Sample-based NAS is the most fundamental method aiming at exploring the search space and  evaluating the most promising architecture. … performance of the architecture. For NAS-oriented  tasks, we also design a weighted loss focusing on architectures with high performance. …
Tailored page sizes | F Guvenilir, YN Patt - … Symposium on Computer Architecture  …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We propose Tailored Page Sizes (TPS), a simple and clean extension to current processor  architectures … When fragmentation is high, resulting in insufficient contiguity to utilize conventional  pages well, TPS … We will primarily cover the x86-64 architecture for ease of explanation. …
AI Deployment Architecture: Multi-Case Study for Key Factor Identification | MM John, HH Olsson, J Bosch - 2020 27th Asia-Pacific …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Although this architecture offers high model performance and high privacy at a high cost, the  … high cost leads to high performance, people always want to achieve the best performance  at a low cost. If the cost is given more importance, then choosing a centralized architecture is …
Exploration of performance and energy trade-offs for heterogeneous multicore architectures | A Butko, F Bruguier, D Novo, A Gamatié… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … In particular, this technology gains popularity in the mobile market [9] [10] [11], where  energy-efficiency usually prevails over high performance… Her research interests lie in the general  area of computer architecture, with particular emphasis on high-performance computing, emerg…
Speeding up collective communications through inter-GPU re-routing | K Ranganath, AA Abdolrashidi… - … Architecture Letters, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To further demonstrate the performance gap between PCIe and NVLink, we present the  bandwidth and latency of the memory copy operation in Figures 3(b) and 3(c). The memory  copy is performed on contiguous data allocations with sizes ranging from 1 KB to 1 GB. The …
Models of architecture for DSP systems | M Pelcat - Handbook of Signal Processing Systems, 2019 - Springer | … , including high performance, low cost, and low power consumption. These systems are referred  to as high performance embedded systems [38] … In this chapter, we focus on architecture  modeling for the performance estimation of a DSP application over a complex distributed …
Appropriate allocation of workloads on performance asymmetric multicore architectures via deep learning algorithms | B Gomatheeshwari, J Selvakumar - Microprocessors and Microsystems, 2020 - Elsevier | … ) have become popular in both high-end and low-end computing systems due to its flexibility  and high performance. A performance asymmetric multicore architecture (P-AMP) is the  subcategory of AMP, which integrates the different micro-architecture cores in the same chip. …
Performance evaluation of a vector supercomputer SX-Aurora TSUBASA | K Komatsu, S Momose, Y Isobe… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … TSUBASA achieves both high sustained performance and high usability through the new  system architecture and its execution model. … evaluations using the fundamental benchmark  programs demonstrate that SX-Aurora TSUBASA achieves high performance even with kernels …
Blockchain-based internet of vehicles: Distributed network architecture and performance analysis | T Jiang, H Fang, H Wang - IEEE Internet of Things Journal, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … a blockchain network architecture. Based on the architecture, we conduct theoretical  modeling and performance analysis of vehicle … the framework and network architecture of  the IoV and blockchain including communication performance modeling and analysis methods. …
Thearchitect: A serverless-microservices based high-level architecture generation tool | K Perera, I Perera - … International Conference on Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … quality measures such as scalability, high availability and high performance. We propose  TheArchitect, a serverless-microservices based … We also demonstrate a performance evaluation  of TheArchitect in terms of processing time it takes to generate high-level architecture for …
Towards a scatter-gather architecture: hardware and software issues | A Rodrigues, M Gokhale, G Voskuilen - Proceedings of the International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … The on-node performance of High performance computing (HPC) applications is … Caches,  our first line of attack in the battle for memory performance, often throw away most of the …  available SGUs or gained traction in high performance computing. Below we discuss these …
Intelligent data processing using in-orbit advanced algorithms on heterogeneous system architecture | N Tsog, M Behnam, M Sjödin… - 2018 IEEE Aerospace …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … A fault tolerant heterogeneous architecture, GIMME3, has been designed for high  performance computing in mission critical applications [6]. GIMME3 architecture was productized  and commercialized by Unibap AB (publ) and was flown into space on May 30th 2016 on the …
NCPU: An Embedded Neural CPU Architecture on Resource-Constrained Low Power Devices for Real-time End-to-End Performance | T Jia, Y Ju, R Joseph, J Gu - 2020 53rd Annual IEEE/ACM …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … One of the main targets for this work is to explore a new computing architecture to close  the significant performance gap between neural network accelerator and conventional  processor design for ultra-low power embedded devices. There is a significant …
WT_DMDA new scheduling strategy for conjugate gradient solver on heterogeneous architecture | N Kasmi, M Zbakh, SA Mahmoudi… - … Journal of Autonomic …, 2018 - inderscienceonline.com | … Abstract: Heterogeneous systems which are composed of multiple CPUs and GPUs are  more and more attractive as platforms for high performance computing. With the evolution of  general purpose computation on GPU (GPGPU) and corresponding programming frameworks (…
Performance prediction of gpu-based deep learning applications | E Gianniti, L Zhang, D Ardagna - … on Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recent years saw an increasing success in the application of deep learning methods across  various domains and for tackling different problems, ranging from image recognition and  classification to text processing and speech recognition. In this paper we propose and validate …
Hierarchical Agglomerative Clustering Using Graphics Processor with Compute Unified Device Architecture | M Tue - academia.edu | … lot more to be gained the field of scientific computing, high performance computing and their  applications. Previous works have illustrated … in computer architecture shows a trend towards  the fields of Streaming computations, Multi-core architectures, Heterogeneous architecture…
Functional architecture and E/E-Architecture–A challenge for the automotive industry | D Zerfowski, A Lock - 19. Internationales Stuttgarter Symposium, 2019 - Springer | … Together with these challenges of new cross-domain vehicle feature (covering functional and  non-functional requirements), we see the introduction of high performance integration platforms,  providing the platform for the horizontalization. The increasing complexity can only be …
The Progressive mapping system architecture for global resources management | J Garcia, X Masip-Bruin, Y Lu - … Conference on Computer …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In [23] the authors present a comprehensive survey on resource management in high  performance distributed computing systems. A survey of grid resources management can be  found in [24], developing an abstract model and a comprehensive taxonomy for describing …
Neural architecture search: A survey | T Elsken, JH Metzen, F Hutter - The Journal of Machine Learning Research, 2019 - jmlr.org | … This allows increasing the capacity of networks successively and retaining high performance  without requiring training from scratch. Continuing training for a few epochs can also make  use of the additional capacity introduced by network morphisms. An advantage of these …
Advanced computer architectures | SG Shiva - 2018 - books.google.com | … course in computer architecture typically offered by computer science, computer engineering  and … This book also satisfies the ‘Advanced topics in Architecture’ portion of the IEEE CS  Curricula 2001. … This book is about the architecture of high-performance computer systems. …
Design and implementation of a fast and scalable NTT-based polynomial multiplier architecture | AC Mert, E Öztürk, E Savaş - 2019 22nd Euromicro Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … • We introduce a novel modular multiplier architecture for any NTT-friendly prime modulus,  which provides comparable time performance to those using special primes. • We propose  a framework including a high performance FPGA device, which is connected to a host CPU. …
Migratory Memory-Side Processing Breakthrough Architecture for Graph Analytics | P Kogge - 2018 - smartech.gatech.edu | … that validate the viability of the architecture, presents a roadmap for scalability and discusses  how the architecture delivers orders of magnitude … The talk touches on the familiar programming  model selected for the architecture which makes it accessible to programmers and data …
LWA in 5G: State-of-the-art architecture, opportunities, and research challenges | R Bajracharya, R Shrestha, R Ali… - IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … From the comparison, we observe that LWA, which is capable of leveraging legacy devices  and base stations, has emerged as the best alternative with high performance gain from the  unlicensed band in both collocated and non-collocated scenarios. Here, we concentrate on a …
Energy Consumption of IT System in Cloud Data Center: Architecture, Factors and Prediction | H Lin, X Xu, X Wang - IFIP International Conference on Network and …, 2019 - Springer | … Therefore, this paper analyzes the architecture of energy consumption of IT system in cloud  data centers and proposes a new framework for collecting energy consumption. Based on  this framework, the factors affecting energy consumption are studied, and various parameters …
Deeprecsys: A system for optimizing end-to-end at-scale neural recommendation inference | U Gupta, S Hsia, V Saraph, X Wang… - … Architecture (ISCA), 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … While the system and computer architecture community has devoted significant efforts to  characterize and optimize deep neural network (DNN) inference efficiency, relatively little  work has explored running recommendation at-scale. DNN accelerator designs. Currently-…
General-purpose graphics processor architectures | TM Aamodt, WWL Fung… - … on Computer Architecture, 2018 - morganclaypool.com | … Synthesis Lectures on Computer Architecture publishes 50- to 100-page publications on  topics pertaining to the science and art of … that meet functional, performance and cost goals.  The scope will largely follow the purview of premier computer architecture conferences, such as …
Using Python for Mapping Molecular Dynamics Simulation Openmm Onto the Xeon Phi Architecture | OA Morris, KH Abed - SoutheastCon 2018, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Python had traditionally been overlooked in the sphere of high performance heterogenous  computing in favor of faster compiled languages like C, C++ and Fortran. It was somewhat  of a niche scripting language until 2004-2005 where it passed a critical mass barrier of …
Spring: A sparsity-aware reduced-precision monolithic 3d cnn accelerator architecture for training and inference | Y Yu, NK Jha - IEEE Transactions on Emerging Topics in …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We test the proposed SPRING architecture on seven well-known CNNs in the context of both  training and inference. Simulation results show that the average execution time, power  dissipation, and energy efficiency are improved by 15.6×, 4.2×, and 66.0×, respectively, for CNN …
Introduction to the Special Issue on New Trends in Nanoelectronic Device, Circuit, and Architecture Design, Part 1 | H Li, W Zhang, S Bhunia, W Wen - ACM Journal on Emerging …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … nanoelectronic devices to achieve an order of magnitude improvement in performance.  Co-optimizations must be performed across multiple design hierarchies—from device to  architecture—to provide high-performance data sensing, storage, and processing while satisfying the …
On Cloud-Supported Web-Based Integrated Development Environment for Programming DataFlow Architectures | N Korolija, A Zamuda - Exploring the DataFlow Supercomputing Paradigm, 2019 - Springer | … For many decades, control-flow computer architectures were dominantly used for servers,  high-performance computers, and desktop computers. Executing instructions in any order  requires control logic, as well as loading instructions that have to be executed in run time [1, 2]. …
Connectivity! Connectivity! Connectivity! May You Be More Connected Than Ever!! | LK John - IEEE Computer Architecture Letters, 2020 - computer.org | … in fat trees, workload characterization on clusters with high-performance interconnects, fault  resiliency in fat trees, FPGA-based high performance computing, a Bunch-of-Wires interface  for inter-chiplet communication, and a high throughput network processor architecture. …
Runtime mechanisms to survive new HPC architectures: a use case in human respiratory simulations | M Garcia-Gasulla, F Mantovani… - … High Performance …, 2020 - journals.sagepub.com | … ), a simulation code for high-performance computational mechanics … high-performance  computing (HPC) technologies ranked in the Top500 list of November 2018: (i) MareNostrum4,  based on the latest Intel Skylake CPU; (ii) IBM Power9, powered by the same IBM architecture …
High-throughput fuzzy clustering on heterogeneous architectures | JM Cebrian, B Imbernón, J Soto, JM García… - … Generation Computer …, 2020 - Elsevier | … architectures. A data parallelism approach, which is better suited to the parallelism model of  these architectures, is used to enhance performance. Our … In the last 2 years, he has authored  several journal papers in the areas of bioinformatics, high performance computing and …
Research on microservices architecture based on open source framework and container technology | LIU Huijun, LIU Peifeng, QIU Yufeng… - … Power Information and …, 2018 - en.cnki.com.cn | … This microservices architecture has low learning cost, simple application, high portability,  easy to test, high performance, simple deployment and easy monitoring characteristics. The  practical application shows that the micro application architecture not only shields the …
Analytical Design of the DIS Architecture: The Hybrid Model | BR Prakash, M Hanumanthappa, HV Dattasmita… - Rising Threats in Expert …, 2021 - Springer | … frameworks, programming wrangled up, which allow scientists to produce new science at  the power of high-performance computing [6]. … programming interfaces as a key compared  with conventional high-performance computing platforms. Everest introduces and incorporates, …
Benzene: An energy-efficient distributed hybrid cache architecture for manycore systems | N Kim, J Ahn, K Choi, D Sanchez, D Yoo… - … on Architecture and Code …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … To reduce the inter-bank write imbalance (explained in Section 2.4), we propose inter-bank  optimization in our architecture, which tries to evenly balance the number of writes per bank  to globally improve the SRAM utilization. The high-level overview of our approach is to (1) …
Performance Analysis of Deep Learning Architectures for Recommendation Systems | D Anil, A Vembar, S Hiriyannaiah… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … architecture and collaborative filtering techniques. Deep learning approaches like neural  network models have obtained high performance … This paper aims at comparing the performance  of such deep learning models that help comprehend the reviews written by customers and …
Computing Performance Enhancement of VLIW Architecture Using Instruction Level Parallelism | V Reddy, A Sudhakar, D Sivakumar - International Journal of Innovative …, 2020 - ijisrt.com | … The necessary strategies for gaining the high performance in the architecture is taking the  advantage of instruction level parallelism. There … of processor architecture called as VLIW  for enhancing the performance of the architecture. VLIW is the complexity architecture because …
Results of pilot study into the application of MicroLearning in teaching the subject Computer Architecture and Operating System Basics | R Polasek, T Javorcik - 2019 International Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The study provides the results of the pilot ML course applied in the teaching of the subject  Computer Architecture and Operating System Basics designed for students in their first year  studying at the Department of Information and Communication Technologies at the University …
Rusty: Runtime system predictability leveraging lstm neural networks | D Masouros, S Xydis, D Soudris - IEEE Computer Architecture …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … to determine a single ”golden” LSTM architecture, (ie the number of … architectures deliver  high geomean R2 accuracies, ie over 0.96, the stacked LSTM network with 4 layers and 128  features per layer outperforms all the other configurations for all the addressed performance …
Design of low power high speed SRAM architecture using SK-LCT Technique | S Pousia, R Manjith - 2018 International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , System On-Chip (SoC) & high performance VLSI circuits, the reduction of power consumption  is very important. Owing to high bit-line swing requirement, the leakage power consumption  of memory circuit during a write operation is high. Sleep technique, Stack technique, …
Stretch: Balancing qos and throughput for colocated server workloads on smt cores | A Margaritov, S Gupta… - … High Performance …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … to acquire and hold a disproportionately large share of microarchitectural resources so as  not to compromise the performance of a co-running thread. We show that the performance  slack inherent in latency-sensitive workloads operating at low to moderate load makes it safe to …
Understanding the Impact of Socket Density in Density Optimized Servers | M Arora, M Skach, W Huang, X An… - … High Performance …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The increasing demand for computational power has led to the creation and deployment of  large-scale data centers. During the last few years, data centers have seen improvements  aimed at increasing computational density - the amount of throughput that can be achieved …
Exploring the Performance Impact of Emerging Many-Core Architectures on MPI Communication | JY Cho, HW Jin, D Nam - Journal of Computing Science and …, 2018 - jcse.kiise.org | … highbandwidth memory and processor interconnects on the performance of MPI communication.  We showed the potential of the high-bandwidth memory for improved performance … His  research interests are in high performance and distributed computing, low power computing, …
Run-time neuro-fuzzy type-2 controller for power optimisation of GP-GPU architecture | S Najam, J Ahmed - IET Circuits, Devices & Systems, 2020 - IET | … applications yet high power consumption has been a challenging problem, associated with  this many-core computer architecture. Efficient … Bilertal, Smoke Particle, NBody and Box Filter  are high performance benchmarks and there exist high level of instruction-level parallelism. …
Extreme Heterogeneity in Deep Learning Architectures | J Anderson, A Mehrabian, J Peng, T El-Ghazawi - Smart Data, 2019 - taylorfrancis.com | … Advances in computer architecture have increased the number of neuron operations  which can be … computer systems comprise many different accelerators, and possibly  reconfigurable components, and have been shown to be effective architectures for highperformance …
A Novel Dynamic Scan Low Power Design for Testability Architecture for System-On-Chip Platform | JB Solomon, DJ Moni, YA Babu - International Journal of Applied …, 2018 - ripublication.com | … to provide high performance and highly reliable chips. In this paper a novel dynamic scan  low power design for testability architecture has been … The MicroBlaze is 32 bit Harvard bus  Reduced Instruction Set Computer architecture. It has 32 general purpose registers, 3 operand …
MRI breast tumor segmentation using different encoder and decoder CNN architectures | M El Adoui, SA Mahmoudi, MA Larhmam, M Benjelloun - Computers, 2019 - mdpi.com | … segmentation, we were interested in providing improved performance in terms of computation  time. Therefore, we used a high-performance architecture composed of graphic processing  units that allowed for the exploitation of a high number of computing units in parallel [29]. In …
Declarative resilience: A holistic soft-error resilient multicore architecture that trades off program accuracy for efficiency | H Omar, Q Shi, M Ahmad, H Dogan… - ACM Transactions on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … various resiliency schemes that provide high soft-error coverage. However, these schemes  incur high performance and energy overheads. … A cross-layer architecture enables efficient  resilience along with holistic soft-error coverage. Only program accuracy is compromised in the …
Scalable molecular dynamics on CPU and GPU architectures with NAMD | JC Phillips, DJ Hardy, JDC Maia, JE Stone… - The Journal of …, 2020 - aip.scitation.org | … These aspects of Charm++ allow high performance and scalability to be achieved on a  wide variety of applications and large-scale computer architectures. Charm++ has also been  carefully crafted to maximize portability so that applications can be executed on virtually any …
Accelerating CNN algorithm with fine-grained dataflow architectures | T Xiang, Y Feng, X Ye, X Tan, W Li… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The experiment results reveal that by using our scheme, the performance of AlexNet running  on the dataflow accelerator is 3.11× higher … Its high performance as well as generality solves  the user’s requirements. Thus, we concentrate on fine-grained dataflow architectures for …
Performance optimised architectures of Piccolo block cipher for low resource IoT applications | G Ramu, Z Mishra, P Singh… - … of High Performance …, 2020 - inderscienceonline.com | … The round based architectures is a opted solutions for high speed applications, as it processes  one entire round transformation in … architecture of the cryptographic algorithm gives the  outcome of throughput for the high speed RFID tags encryption. It is clear from the architecture …
A scalable FPGA architecture for randomly connected networks of hodgkin-huxley neurons | K Akbarzadeh-Sherbaf, B Abdoli, S Safari… - Frontiers in …, 2018 - frontiersin.org | … architecture to simulate a randomly connected network of Hodgkin-Huxley neurons. To  demonstrate that our architecture eliminates the need to use a high-… Here we introduce a  multi-core architecture in which each core can update the states of a group of neurons stored in its …
Porting and Benchmarking of BWAKIT Pipeline on OpenPOWER Architecture | N Kathiresan, R Al-Ali, P Jithesh… - … on High Performance …, 2018 - Springer | … In this section, we will present an evaluation of the performance of the ported algorithms,  and show how they are particularly suited to benefit from the high number of threads available  on OpenPOWER systems. The performance metrics used in this section are defined as …
Architecture of Software-Hardware Complex for Searching Images in Database | V Zakharov, A Kirikova, V Munerman… - … IEEE Conference of …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … does not have a fixed structure, for example, when using the grid architecture, when the  number of processors may vary from case to case. In a case when the software-hardware complex  has the MPP architecture with a fixed number of processors, the indR table can be formed …
Pioneering Chiplet Technology and Design for the AMD EPYC™ and Ryzen™ Processor Families: Industrial Product | S Naffziger, N Beck, T Burd, K Lepak… - … Architecture (ISCA), 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … ], AMD is taking the theory of chiplet-based architectures and applying it to design real,  high-volume, commercially-successful products. In Section IV, we explain how we started deploying  the chiplet approach in the highperformance CPU server space. However, the post-Moore’…
Analyzing a five-year failure record of a leadership-class supercomputer | E Rojas, E Meneses, T Jones… - … Computer Architecture …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … It is exceedingly difficult to completely understand all possible interactions between parts of  a highly integrated computer architecture. Second, the parts are faulty. Indeed, among the  most powerful computers, the socalled leadership-class computers, simply getting 100% of the …
Reproducible BLAS routines with tunable accuracy using ozaki scheme for many-core architectures | D Mukunoki, T Ogita, K Ozaki - International Conference on Parallel …, 2019 - Springer | … To address these problems, we propose high-performance implementations of reproducible  BLAS routines for many-core architectures using … Thus, we have inferred that this scheme  is useful in providing accurate and reproducible BLAS routines with high performance at low …
Neural architecture search for portrait parsing | B Lyu, Y Yang, S Wen, T Huang… - IEEE Transactions on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … directly transfer the architectures to the other two tasks (training from scratch). Intuitively, to  achieve the high-efficiency and highperformance models on EG1800 and HELEN, the intentional  reduction of the search space, the compression of predefined architecture, and even the …
Benchmarking Event-Driven Neuromorphic Architectures | CM Vineyard, S Green, WM Severa… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … , processor performance, and application efficiency in highperformance computing (HPC)  [28]. Roofline plots are espoused by a popular … by conventional computer architecture, we  present how roofline analysis may be utilized in conjunction with other advanced performance …
The IBM z15 High Frequency Mainframe Branch Predictor Industrial Product | N Adiga, J Bonanno, A Collura… - … Architecture (ISCA), 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … microarchitecture must ensure performance on both new and legacy code. There are dozens  of branch instructions defined, although none are true call and return instructions as supported  in other architectures like IBM’s Power series [5]. In general, z/Architecture branches can …
Regression prefetcher with preprocessing for DRAM-PCM hybrid main memory | JT Yun, SK Yoon, JG Kim… - … Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Our proposed model adapts to irregular access patterns and has the advantage of being a  cost-effective, high performance, low power solution suitable for high capacity and performance  required with graph processing and big data analyses. Our proposed model shows a 36 …
Hw-nas-bench: Hardware-aware neural architecture search benchmark | C Li, Z Yu, Y Fu, Y Zhang, Y Zhao, H You, Q Yu… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2021 - arxiv.org | … In order to find the optimal mappings and evaluate the performance metrics on Eyeriss,  we adopt SOTA performance simulators for DNN accelerators (1) Accelergy (Wu et al., 2019)+Timeloop  (Parashar et al., 2019) and (2) DNN-Chip Predictor (Zhao et al., 2020b). Both of the …
Motivation for and evaluation of the first tensor processing unit | N Jouppi, C Young, N Patil, D Patterson - IEEE Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The production applications were written using TensorFlow, which made it easier to port them  to the TPU at high performance rather than … computer architecture. We project another  Renaissance in computer architecture, much like the early 1980s, where the chance to have high …
Parallel supercomputing in MIMD architectures | RM Hord - 2018 - taylorfrancis.com | … We live in a golden age of computer architecture innovation. The advent of parallel processing  has produced a flood of architecture … diversity, and we can only examine the highperformance  subset of this rich and thriving group of architectures. It is only a snapshot since new …
Fault-Tolerant Network-On-Chip Router Architecture Design for Heterogeneous Computing Systems in the Context of Internet of Things | M Rashid, NK Baloch, MA Shafique, F Hussain… - Sensors, 2020 - mdpi.com | … Network-on-chip (NoC) architectures have become a popular communication platform for  heterogeneous computing systems owing to their scalability and high performance. Aggressive  technology scaling makes these architectures prone to both permanent and transient faults. …
Architecture of the parallel big data processing system for security monitoring of Internet of Things networks | IV Kotenko, IB Saenko, AG Kushnerevich - Informatics and Automation, 2018 - mathnet.ru | … of Internet-of-Things networks the architecture of the system for parallel big data processing  … The issues directly connected to the architecture of the system and with implementation of its  … the system performance confirming a conclusion about its high performance are discussed. …
Code-dependent and architecture-dependent reliability behaviors | V Fratin, D Oliveira, C Lunardi, F Santos… - 2018 48th Annual …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … novel architectures with increased complexity. The variety of codes that need to be executed  combined with the complexity of architectures … This paper compares the reliability behaviors  of six different architectures (an Intel co-processor, three NVIDIA GPUs, an AMD APU, an …
Three-dimensional printing of polyaniline/reduced graphene oxide composite for high-performance planar supercapacitor | Z Wang, Q Zhang, S Long, Y Luo, P Yu… - … applied materials & …, 2018 - ACS Publications | … , a planar solid-state supercapacitor is constructed, which exhibits high performance with an  areal specific capacitance of 1329 mF cm –2 . … of various architectures with predesigned  models. The printed PANI 3D architectures exhibited promising electrochemical performance as …
Hardware Implementation and Analysis of Gen-Z Protocol for Memory-Centric Architecture | S Hong, WO Kwon, MH Oh - IEEE Access, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … A traditional computer architecture adopts a processor-centric architecture wherein the  memory and central processing unit (CPU) are coupled on a physical server. The performance  of such systems has increased with the CPU processing power. However, with the growing …
Energy-efficient neural network accelerator based on outlier-aware low-precision computation | E Park, D Kim, S Yoo - … Symposium on Computer Architecture  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The computational micro-architecture is important, especially for performance. We use 4-bit  data that reduce buffer size and MAC unit … [1] and SCNN [6], the performance overhead for  outlier handling can be significant owing to the high probability of outlier occurrence, eg, 27.5% …
MicronNet: a highly compact deep convolutional neural network architecture for real-time embedded traffic sign classification | A Wong, MJ Shafiee, MS Jules - IEEE Access, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … [17] expanded upon this by introducing an inverted residual structure that enabled further  reductions in the number of parameters while maintaining high performance. Aghdam et al. [1]  presented techniques for optimizing the efficiency of deep neural network …
Reconfigurable probabilistic AI architecture for personalized cancer treatment | S Kulkarni, S Bhat, CA Moritz - 2019 IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this work, we co-design a novel probabilistic AI model along with a reconfigurable architecture  to enable personalized treatment for cancer … Our architecture is validated on a hybrid  SoC-FPGA platform which performs 25x faster than software, implemented on a 16-core Xeon …
Performance Analysis and Memory Bandwidth Prediction for HPC Applications in NUMA Architecture | S Salehian - 2019 - search.proquest.com | … cores are the primary steps to achieve high performance for parallel applications. Performance  analysis could help users to detect programming … A wide range of computer architectures  are available today. Flynn’s taxonomy [20] is a well-known classification that shows various …
Enrely: A reliable MLC PCM architecture based on data encoding | M Imran, T Kwon, JS Yang - 2019 34th International Technical …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Exploiting the datadependent nature of the resistance drift problem, we introduce a novel  MLC PCM architecture, named ‘Enrely’ based on … the proposed architecture and discuss its  implementation. Section 4 evaluates the reliability enhancement by the proposed architecture. …
Enabling fine-grain restricted coset coding through word-level compression for pcm | SM Seyedzadeh, A Jones… - … Performance Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Phase change memory (PCM) has recently emerged as a promising technology to meet the  fast growing demand for large capacity memory in computer systems, replacing DRAM that is  impeded by physical limitations. Multi-level cell (MLC) PCM offers high density with low per-…
A reduced-precision streaming SpMV architecture for Personalized PageRank on FPGA | A Parravicini, F Sgherzi… - 2021 26th Asia and …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 230W, and our architecture provides a Performance/Watt gain from 16.5x to 42x compared to it  (geomean 28.2x). Even against a faster CPU or a GPU, our architecture is likely to … GraphBLAST:  A highperformance linear algebra-based graph framework on the GPU. arXiv preprint …
A plugin architecture for the tau performance system | AD Malony, S Ramesh, K Huck, N Chaimov… - Proceedings of the 48th …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … At the end of the day, the goal of gaining high performance is paramount, but productivity and  performance portability concerns are … Below we discuss our design and development approach  to a TAU plugin architecture. Of course, the challenge for a performance system such as …
Design and Development of Efficient Face Recognition Architecture Using Neural Network on FPGA | MT Ahmed, S Sinha - 2018 Second International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … on VIRTEX-7 FPGA platform giving better recognition rate and high performance. … The  Neural Network system is developed with high performance and evaluated for FRS. An overall  … The proposed system is an efficient Face Recognition System with high performance, less …
Design of novel efficient full adder architecture for quantum-dot cellular automata technology | D Mokhtari, A Rezai, H Rashidi… - Facta Universitatis …, 2018 - casopisi.junis.ni.ac.rs | … As a result, highperformance implementation of this circuit is an attractive research area. The  logical function of one-bit full adder can be … Keshavarzi, “High-performance scalable  architecture for modular multiplication using a new digit-serial computation,” Micro. J., vol.55, pp. …
High performance computing architectures analysis for gene networks inference | A Marco, M Gazziro, D Martins Jr - Anais do XX Simpósio em …, 2019 - sol.sbc.org.br | … High performance computing methods involving parallel computing have been developed  to increase the performance of this task [Borelli … Therefore the FPGAs memories are a barrier  for the high performance parallelism. Another reason for the absence of parallelism of the …
Dynamic Source ACO algorithm for energy-aware cloudlet-based mobile cloud computing architecture | A Kushal, P Raj, P Naitik, P Tapan… - 2019 3rd International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The proposed work successfully bridges two completely parallel concepts ie Ant Colony  Optimization and mobile cloud computing to attain benefits of high performance of MCC  architecture and green computing. The developed simulator and experiments prove that developed …
NVDIMM-C: A Byte-Addressable Non-Volatile Memory Module for Compatibility with Standard DDR Memory Interfaces | C Lee, W Shin, DJ Kim, Y Yu, SJ Kim… - … High Performance …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … an NVDIMM architecture with … architecture including hardware and software stacks. • We  evaluate the proposed device on a real server system without any modification to the running  environments. We find that the NVDIMM-C architecture can provide a balanced performance …
RANTT: A RISC-V architecture extension for the number theoretic transform | E Karabulut, A Aysu - 2020 30th International Conference on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … energy-efficiency with reasonably high performance. Although we embedded our architectural  support inside, the RISC-V core still fully supports RV32IM. Our architecture extension  serves simply as an observer with no effect in the core unless an NTT algorithm is detected. …
Comparison of Direct and Indirect Networks for High-Performance FPGA Clusters | H Takizawa - Applied Reconfigurable Computing. Architectures …, 2020 - books.google.com | … architectures for the post-Moore era, a flexible network architecture for scalable FPGA clusters  becomes increasingly important in high performance … To know its performance characteristics,  we implemented necessary data transfer hardware on Intel Arria 10 FPGAs, modeled …
GrAPL 2020 Keynote Speaker The GraphIt Universal Graph Framework: Achieving HighPerformance across Algorithms, Graph Types, and Architectures | S Amarasinghe - 2020 IEEE International Parallel and …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, optimizing the performance of graph applications is notoriously difficult due to  irregular memory access patterns and load imbalance across cores. The performance of graph  programs depends highly on the algorithm, the size, and structure of the input graphs, as well …
Focused Value Prediction* : Concepts, techniques and implementations presented in this paper are subject matter of pending patent applications, which have been … | S Bandishte, J Gaur, Z Sperber… - … Architecture (ISCA), 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … By early execution of instructions that create processor stalls, we show that our policy yields  substantial performance gains, at low costs. Finding such instructions in an efficient manner  and designing a high performance, light-weight predictor for them, forms the motivation for …
Towards an efficient cnn inference architecture enabling in-sensor processing | MJH Pantho, P Bhowmik, C Bobda - Sensors, 2021 - mdpi.com | … high bandwidth available at the sensor interface by designing a CNN inference architecture  near the sensor. This paper presents an attention-based pixel processing architecture to … the  proposed architecture significantly reduces dynamic power consumption and achieves high-…
Serving dnns in real time at datacenter scale with project brainwave | E Chung, J Fowers, K Ovtcharov, M Papamichael… - iEEE Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … and tool chain that translates high-level models onto Brainwave NPUs. We then describe the  soft NPU architecture, its microarchitecture, … The Brainwave NPU microarchitecture achieves  high performance through “mega-SIMD’” execution, where a single issued instruction can …
Translation ranger: operating system support for contiguity-aware tlbs | Z Yan, D Lustig, D Nellans… - … on Computer Architecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … High performance virtual memory can be achieved by embedding a Translation Lookaside  Buffer (TLB) in each computation unit to cover all physical memory. However, since covering  all of physical memory would require considerable translation storage overheads [18, 45], …
Enhancing image processing architecture using deep learning for embedded vision systems | R Udendhran, M Balamurugan, A Suresh… - Microprocessors and …, 2020 - Elsevier | In recent years, the success and capabilities of embedded vision have showed up in embedded  applications. The embedding of vision into electronic devices such as embedded medical  applications is being driven by the availability of high-performance processors, integrating …
Interplay between hardware prefetcher and page eviction policy in CPU-GPU unified virtual memory | D Ganguly, Z Zhang, J Yang, R Melhem - … on Computer Architecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In this section, we describe the GPU execution model and the baseline architecture. Our  description closely follows NVIDIA/CUDA terminology in specific cases, however, it is general  enough to describe any … Towards high performance paged memory for GPUs. In 2016 IEEE …
Software-defined wide area network (SD-WAN): Architecture, advances and opportunities | Z Yang, Y Cui, B Li, Y Liu, Y Xu - … Conference on Computer …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … As SD-WAN based multiobjective networking has been widely discussed to provide highquality  and complicated services, we explore the … architectures [3]. In the following, we give an  overview of the logical and physical architectures of software-defined wide area network. …
Benchmarking big data architectures for social networks data processing using public cloud platforms | V Persico, A Pescapé, A Picariello, G Sperlí - Future Generation Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Reported results and discussions show that Lambda outperforms Kappa architecture for the  class of problems investigated. … the performance of these state-of-art big data architectures  that are helpful to both experts and newcomers interested in deploying big data architectures …
Protector: A permanent fault resilient router architecture for network on chip | NK Baloch, A Hussain, MI Baig - Mehran University Research …, 2020 - search.informit.org | … [36] presented a low cost, high-performance router architecture by grouping the ports via  Dynamic Resource Sharing (DRS) block to provide fault tolerance to the input buffers only.  They provide the details analysis for SPF (Silicon Protection Factor) but ignore the pipeline …
Micro-kernel OS architecture and its ecosystem construction for ubiquitous electric power IoT | W Yang, W Liu, X Wei, X Lv, Y Qi… - … Conference on Energy …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper mainly introduces a microkernel OS architecture for ubiquitous power IoT and its  ecosystem construction method. … high performance requirements, the allocation of physical  resources is guaranteed by partition isolation mechanism, so as to achieve the performance …
Wpc: Whole-picture workload characterization across intermediate representation, isa, and microarchitecture | L Wang, X Xiong, J Zhan, W Gao, X Wen… - … Architecture Letters, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Also, we feel interested in the impacts of distributed frameworks when programming with  high-productivity or high-performance languages… cpu 2017 broaden the performance horizon?”  in 2018 IEEE International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA). …
Assessing Time Predictability Features of ARM Big. LITTLE Multicores | G Fernandez, FJ Cazorla, J Abella… - … Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper we obtain evidence of the timing guarantees that can be reached with Cortex-A-based  ARM big.LITTLE architectures in CRTES – which we refer simply as ARM big.LITTLE  architectures in the rest of the paper – to deliver high guaranteed performance for critical real…
MemTorch: A simulation framework for deep memristive Cross-Bar architectures | C Lammie, MR Azghadi - 2020 IEEE International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We investigate the performance degradation that two nonideal characteristics of memristive  devices introduce to an ideal linear ion drift … replaced with equivalent memristive  crossbararchitectures. Moreover, we investigate the performance of MDNNs using memristive …
An optimized BCH decoder design architecture for adaptive M-ary recording channels | A Gunasekaran, NC Jose… - 2019 IEEE 62nd …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Designing optimized BCH decoders becomes critical towards high performance decoding  circuits. In this paper, we develop … architecture for BCH codes for such applications. Our  proposed architecture is 45.8% more areaefficient than the existing 2-stage pipelined architecture …
SnackNoC: Processing in the Communication Layer | K Sangaiah, M Lui, R Kuttappa, B Taskin… - … High Performance …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this work, we propose and evaluate a Network-on-Chip (NoC) augmented with light-weight  processing elements to provide a lean dataflow-style system. We show that contemporary  NoC routers can frequently experience long periods of idle time, with less than 10% link …
Survey of photonic and plasmonic interconnect technologies for intra-datacenter and high-performance computing communications | CA Thraskias, EN Lallas, N Neumann… - … Surveys & Tutorials, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … -on-Chip (NoC) architecture, in this architecture multicore processors are interconnected on  the same chip, and their performance is mainly … They are favored for their high scalability and  small footprint, but they have buffer bypassing limitations that could be overcome by optical …
RingFET architecture for high frequency applications: TCAD based assessment | V Kumari, M Saxena, M Gupta - 2018 IEEE Electron Devices …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … been varied for optimizing the RingFET performance for high frequency applications. Major  performance metrics optimized in this work are … Thus, RingFET architecture shows improved  RF performance due to the higher cut-off frequency at 32nm channel length (ie in THz range) …
Hilite: Hierarchical and lightweight imitation learning for power management of embedded socs | AL Sartor, A Krishnakumar, SE Arda… - … Architecture Letters, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … A step in this direction consists of exploiting heterogeneity, eg, using big cores when high  performance is needed and switching to little cores otherwise. In addition, techniques such  as dynamic voltage and frequency scaling (DVFS) and power gating (PG) can be used at …
ReTransformer: ReRAM-based processing-in-memory architecture for transformer acceleration | X Yang, B Yan, H Li, Y Chen - … International Conference on Computer …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … To combat these challenges, in this paper, we propose ReTransformer, a ReRAM-based  PIM architecture to accelerate Transformer for NLP sequence tasks. ReTransformer uses matrix  decomposition to avoid writing the intermediate results and remove the data dependency. …
Nested hardware architecture for self-organizing map | H Hikawa - 2019 International Joint Conference on Neural …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Even though the simulation of the SOM in software offers a high flexibility, the performance  that can be achieved with the software solutions is not sufficient. Thus high performance SOM  accelerator is highly desirable. Various custom hardware implementations of SOMs have …
Low Power Datapath Architecture for Multiply-Accumulate (MAC) Unit | HR Spoorthi, CP Narendra… - 2019 4th International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … low power, area and high performance DSP signal processor chips. An efficient 4:2 compressor  is used in proposed MAC architecture, in order to … To get datapath optimization in MAC  unit, in Baugh – wooley algorithm, the PP unit reduction tree can be replaced with high speed …
Mlperf inference benchmark | VJ Reddi, C Cheng, D Kanter, P Mattson… - … Architecture (ISCA), 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This duplication is likely for highperformance systems that process many samples relative  to the data-set size. To represent realistic deployments, the rules prohibit caching of queries  and intermediate data. The test has two parts: the first generates queries with unique sample …
Quantum computer systems for scientific discovery | Y Alexeev, D Bacon, KR Brown, R Calderbank, LD Carr… - PRX Quantum, 2021 - APS | … For the above gate-based quantum simulations, we focus on the trapped ion quantum  computer architecture [78,89] owing to its high gate fidelities, long-range connectivity, and flexible  gate expression. Other architectures such as neutral atoms [90] and superconducting qubits […
NoMap: Speeding-Up JavaScript Using Hardware Transactional Memory | T Shull, J Choi, MJ Garzaran… - … Performance Computer …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … we discover that the code generated by the high-performance LLVM-based FTL compiler  is full of checks … high performance compilers for JavaScript, and to compilers for other  scripting languages such as PHP [43], [44], Python [13], [45], and Ruby [15]. All high-performance …
3D-ReG: A 3D ReRAM-based heterogeneous architecture for training deep neural networks | B Li, JR Doppa, PP Pande, K Chakrabarty… - ACM Journal on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In this work, we propose 3D-ReG heterogeneous architecture that vertically stacks a GPU  tier providing high-precision computation with a ReRAM-based PIM tier through 3D integration  technology for efficient DNN training. To explore the trade-offs between computation …
Adaptation of an embedded architecture to run Hyperledger Sawtooth Application | R Kromes, L Gerrits, F Verdier - 2019 IEEE 10th Annual …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … applications with a constraint of low power consumption and with a high performance. In our  work we use an already existing hardware … This programming language is popular in  industry field when we design the really first solution of our architectures. The use of SystemC is …
Design of a reconfigurable 3d pixel-parallel neuromorphic architecture for smart image sensor | P Bhowmik, M Jubaer Hossain Pantho… - … on Computer …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … However, our architecture solves this problem by dividing and assigning the computer vision  application on those three layers. In the first layer, we implement edge detection on DPs and  these processors convert a … We have reported the performance of each stage in section5. …
Exploring predictive replacement policies for instruction cache and branch target buffer | SM Ajorpaz, E Garza, S Jindal… - … Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We find very little work on high-performance BTB replacement policies, although we know  through private communications that industry is very interested in good BTB … In future work  we will explore how our techniques interact with highperformance indirect branch prediction. …
Enabling scientific computing on memristive accelerators | B Feinberg, UKR Vengalam, N Whitehair… - … Architecture (ISCA), 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The proposed techniques combine with existing GPUbased approaches to accelerating high  performance linear algebra. Some matrices—… The proposed system is evaluated on two  highperformance iterative solvers with a set of 20 input matrices from the SuiteSparse collection […
Darts: Differentiable architecture search | H Liu, K Simonyan, Y Yang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1806.09055, 2018 - arxiv.org | … the continuous relaxation of the architecture representation, allowing efficient search of  the architecture using gradient descent. Extensive … excels in discovering high-performance  convolutional architectures for image classification and recurrent architectures for language …
A New Asynchronous Pipeline Architecture of Support Vector Machine Classifier for ASR System | GC Batista, DL Oliveira, O Saotome… - 2019 IEEE XXVI …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … high performance and features a distributed control along the stages in asynchronous small  circuits. In this paper, we propose an implementation of the SVM classifier algorithm in the  asynchronous pipeline architecture … propose new asynchronous pipeline architecture that is of …
CATCAM: Constant-time Alteration Ternary CAM with Scalable In-Memory Architecture | D Chen, Z Li, T Xiong, Z Liu, J Yang… - 2020 53rd Annual …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Chen, “Clicknp: Highly flexible and high performance network processing with reconfigurable  hardware,” in Proceedings of the 2016 ACM SIGCOMM Conference, 2016, pp. 1… Zhang, “A  fast flow table engine for open vswitch with high performance on both lookups and updates,” …
Boosting Performance in Parallel Computing Models with a New Experimental Architecture | AA Albert, A Harshakumar, LF de Mingo López… - … on Parallel Architectures …, 2020 - Springer | … Over the years, that architecture has evolved with the advancement in technology. Today we  find that we face many constraints regarding … inherent nature of the traditional architecture.  This paper shows how to use this architecture to boost performance by introducing a variation …
Network pruning via transformable architecture search | X Dong, Y Yang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1905.09717, 2019 - arxiv.org | … Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have become wider and deeper to achieve  high performance on different applications [17, 22, 48]. Despite their great success, it is impractical  to deploy them to resource constrained devices, such as mobile devices and drones. …
Rule-based design for multiple nodes upset tolerant latch architecture | FM Sajjade, NK Goyal… - IEEE Transactions on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … These architectures differ in terms of approach for developing single event upset (SEU) …  of the architectures have SEU critical internal node pairs while most of the architectures exhibit  … To maintain the advantage of redundancy, we propose a fork buffer based latch architecture …
Dcnn-ga: a deep neural net architecture for navigation of uav in indoor environment | P Chhikara, R Tekchandani, N Kumar… - IEEE Internet of …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … architecture (DCNN-GA) is compared with state-of-the-art ImageNet models. The experimental  results show the minimum loss and high performance … backbone model for the proposed  architecture because it has less number of parameters and provides high accuracy. There are …
How to reduce computation time while sparing performance during robot navigation? A neuro-inspired architecture for autonomous shifting between model-based and … | R Dromnelle, E Renaudo, G Pourcel, R Chatila… - … on Biomimetic and …, 2020 - Springer | … performance and cost. We find that the robot can adapt to environment changes by switching  between learning systems so as to maintain a high performance. … cost while keeping a high  performance. Overall, these results illustrates the interest of using multiple learning systems. …
Principles of secure processor architecture design | J Szefer - Synthesis Lectures on Computer Architecture, 2018 - morganclaypool.com | … Synthesis Lectures on Computer Architecture publishes 50- to 100-page publications on  topics pertaining to the science and art of … that meet functional, performance and cost goals.  The scope will largely follow the purview of premier computer architecture conferences, such as …
Fault-tolerant routing with minimum delay for mesh architecture | H Krishnan, L Preethi - 2018 International CET Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Since it is important to achieve high performance in a network, fault-tolerant computing  for mesh structures has been the focus of an extensive part of this paper. The turn model  produces for this routing minimal algorithms should be adaptive and deadlock free. …
Performance analysis of different computational architectures: Molecular dynamics in application to protein assemblies, illustrated by microtubule and electron transfer … | VA Fedorov, EG Kholina, IB Kovalenko… - Supercomputing …, 2018 - superfri.org | … For cost and computation efficiency, it is important to determine the optimal computer  hardware for simulations of biomolecular systems of different sizes and timescales. Here we  compare performance and scalability of 17 commercially available computational architectures, …
Understanding reuse, performance, and hardware cost of dnn dataflow: A data-centric approach | H Kwon, P Chatarasi, M Pellauer, A Parashar… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … DNN accelerators achieve high performance by exploiting parallelism over hundreds of  processing elements (PEs) and high energy … Depending on the hardware parameters  selected, our approach can support architecture designs that can efficiently execute a wide range …
A High-Throughput Network Processor Architecture for Latency-Critical Applications | S Roy, A Kaushik, R Agrawal, J Gergen, W Rouwet… - IEEE Micro, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, these are not similar to the more generic and high performance task schedulers  used in AIOP that consider both throughput and … Finally, we show a comparison of a 16-core  AIOP architecture with respect to a state-of-theart NPU with 16 cores. For a fair comparison, we …
Mainstream vs. emerging HPC: Metrics, trade-offs and lessons learned | M Radulovic, K Asifuzzaman… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … set of HPC systems, consisting of three mainstream and five emerging architectures. We  evaluate the performance and power efficiency using prominent HPC benchmarks, HighPerformance  Linpack (HPL) and High Performance Conjugate Gradients (HPCG), and expand our …
SCU: a GPU stream compaction unit for graph processing | A Segura, JM Arnau, A González - … on Computer Architecture  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We show that GPGPU architectures are inefficient for stream compaction, and propose to …  We evaluate the performance of a state-of-the-art GPGPU architecture extended with our …  focuses on high performance and energy efficient graph processing on GPGPU architectures. …
Multi-FPGA accelerator architecture for stencil computation exploiting spacial and temporal scalability | HM Waidyasooriya, M Hariyama - IEEE Access, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … ABSTRACT After the introduction of the OpenCL-based FPGA accelerator design method,  FPGAs are getting very popular among high-performance computing. The key of achieving  high performance using FPGAs is to design pipelined accelerators. We can increase the …
Newton: A DRAM-maker's accelerator-in-memory (AiM) architecture for machine learning | M He, C Song, I Kim, C Jeong, S Kim… - 2020 53rd Annual …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Conventional DRAM architecture We provide a brief overview of a typical DRAM architecture.  We describe only the high-level details needed to understand our AiM architecture (ie, this  description is not intended to cover all the details of the DRAM architecture). We assume one …
Synergy: Rethinking secure-memory design for error-correcting memories | G Saileshwar, PJ Nair, P Ramrakhyani… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Building trusted data-centers requires resilient memories which are protected from both  adversarial attacks and errors. Unfortunately, the state-of-the-art memory security solutions  incur considerable performance overheads due to accesses for security metadata like Message …
Volta: Performance and programmability | J Choquette, O Giroux, D Foley - Ieee Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … was measured (see Figure 4) on both our previous-generation Pascal architecture and on  Volta. While the … using SMEM for high performance. Many programmers will be able to get  reasonably high performance without the additional effort of programming to shared memory. …
Edge-rich MoS2 grown on edge-oriented three-dimensional graphene glass for high-performance hydrogen evolution | X Li, S Guo, W Li, X Ren, J Su, Q Song, AJ Sobrido… - Nano Energy, 2019 - Elsevier | … The more exposures of the photocatalytically active sites are one of the essential elements  to achieve high photocatalytic efficiency. Through the architecture designs, we have  proposed an edge-rich MoS 2 nanoarray grown on an edge-oriented three-dimensional (3D) …
High-performance and scalable on-chip digital Fourier transform spectroscopy | DM Kita, B Miranda, D Favela, D Bono, J Michon… - Nature …, 2018 - nature.com | … We propose and experimentally demonstrate a novel digital Fourier transform (dFT)  spectrometer architecture that resolves the performance … The unique exponential scaling laws  inherent to our dFT architecture enable high-resolution spectra to be acquired with minimal chip …
Deep learning inference in facebook data centers: Characterization, performance optimizations and hardware implications | J Park, M Naumov, P Basu, S Deng, A Kalaiah… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … These properties allow us to leverage batching to achieve high performance in FCs. However,  the overall model’s execution tends to be memory … However, it is not clear if architectures  like Brainwave are general enough to efficiently target our diverse DL inference workloads …
ERUCA: Efficient DRAM resource utilization and resource conflict avoidance for memory system parallelism | S Lym, H Ha, Y Kwon, C Chang, J Kim… - … Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … • We quantitatively compare our proposed mechanisms to prior work in terms of both  performance and hardware cost. Our proposed … performance synergy when used together. •  Because DRAM performance in general is very accesspattern dependent (and the performance of …
A novel Wireless Network-on-Chip architecture with distributed directories for faster execution and minimal energy | KK Chidella, A Asaduzzaman - Computers & Electrical Engineering, 2018 - Elsevier | … , high-performance computing, and low-power computer architecture. He has published  several articles out of his research work. … His research interests include computer architecture,  high performance computing, and embedded systems. He has authored more than 80 peer-…
A novel iot-based architecture for self-adaptive aerodynamic flow control system for motorcycle | G Portaluri, M Tamburello… - 2018 IEEE Global …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … FPGAs provide high performance in a sensor network, and they are highly suitable in our  scenario thanks to the flexible hardware reconfiguration. In most FPGAs, logic blocks also  include memory elements which may be simple flip-flops or more complete blocks of memory. …
Novel computer architectures and quantum chemistry | MS Gordon, G Barca, SS Leang, D Poole… - The Journal of …, 2020 - ACS Publications | … by the emergence of novel computer architectures, to highlight some of the changes in  computer hardware and programming … in high performance computing systems. Today, Ethernet  and Infiniband(123) are the two dominant networking technologies used in high performance …
An intelligent memory caching architecture for data-intensive multimedia applications. | AA Abbasi, S Javed… - Multimedia Tools & …, 2021 - search.ebscohost.com | … performance computer systems. One major aspect of MPI is that it is thread-safe. This aspect  of MPI is also supporting the … the performance of other applications running on data centers.  In order to alleviate these resource constraints, we present a memory caching architecture …
Metastrider: Architectures for scalable memory-centric reduction of sparse data streams | S Srikanth, A Jain, JM Lennon, TM Conte… - … on Architecture and …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … However, these applications exhibit low locality of reference, rendering traditional architectures  … -centric architectures that we propose, resulting in demonstrated performance that scales  … This article proposes novel algorithms and scalable architectures, known as MetaStrider, to …
Zero Directory Eviction Victim: Unbounded Coherence Directory and Core Cache Isolation | M Chaudhuri - … on High-Performance Computer Architecture  …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Next, we show that the performance degrades gradually with decreasing sparse directory  size underscoring the performance-criticality of DEVs. Figures 2 and 3 quantify the savings in  interconnect traf fic (total bytes communicated), core cache misses, and execu tion cycles for …
Performance Characterization of Single and Multi GPU Training of U-Net Architecture for Medical Image Segmentation Tasks | TR Patel, S Bodduluri, T Anthony, WS Monroe… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … The rapid advancements in high performance computing hardware and corresponding  rise in deep convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures have led to state-of-the-art  results in several biomedical image segmentation tasks. Recently, U-Net, a modified fully …
Reducing data transfer energy by exploiting similarity within a data transaction | D Lee, M O'Connor, N Chatterjee - … Performance Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We evaluate our mechanism on a modern high performance GPU system with a variety of  graphics and compute workloads. We show that our mechanism reduces energy-expensive 1  values by 35.3 % with minimal overheads, and combining our mechanism with Dynamic Bus …
Asmdb: understanding and mitigating front-end stalls in warehouse-scale computers | G Ayers, NP Nagendra, DI August, HK Cho… - … Computer Architecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In this paper, we present the architecture of a system that can capture and process profiling  data in a cost-efficient way, while generating … , given the high front-end pressure of WSC  applications, optimizing memcmp for better i-cache behavior can be a net performance win, even …
Fast hardware architecture for 2-d separable convolution operations | D Mukherjee, S Mukhopadhyay - IEEE Transactions on Circuits …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To address the above issues, several high performance and area efficient architectures have  been devised in [2]–[6]. These architectures … This concludes the fact that the architecture  does not deteriorate the performance for processing high resolution images with large kernel …
Exploiting open source 3D printer architecture for laboratory robotics to automate high-throughput time-lapse imaging for analytical microbiology | SH Needs, TT Diep, SP Bull, A Lindley-Decaire, P Ray… - PloS one, 2019 - journals.plos.org | … Growth in open-source hardware designs combined with the low-cost of high performance  optoelectronic and robotics components has supported a resurgence of in-house custom  lab equipment development. We describe a low cost (below $700), open-source, fully …
