A new golden age for computer architecture | JL Hennessy, DA Patterson - Communications of the ACM, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … WE BEGAN OUR Turing Lecture June 4, 201811 with a review of computer architecture  since the 1960s. In addition to that review, here, we highlight current challenges and identify  future opportunities, projecting another golden age for the field of computer architecture in the …
A general guide to applying machine learning to computer architecture | D Nemirovsky, T Arkose, N Markovic… - Supercomputing …, 2018 - superfri.susu.ru | … The purpose of this paper is to serve as a foundational base and guide to future computer  architecture research seeking to make use of … showcasing the effectiveness of applying  machine learning in computer architecture. We describe a process of data generation every …
A new golden age in computer architecture: Empowering the machine-learning revolution | J Dean, D Patterson, C Young - IEEE Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … inexhaustible demand for computing cycles, computer architecture is nearing the end of Moore…  Computer Architecture: A Quantitative Approach.” His primary research interest is domain-specific  computer architectures for machine learning and in open instruction set architectures…
1.1 the deep learning revolution and its implications for computer architecture and chip design | J Dean - 2020 IEEE International Solid-State Circuits …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The past decade has seen a remarkable series of advances in machine learning, and in  particular deeplearning approaches based on artificial neural networks, to improve our abilities  to build more accurate systems across a broad range of areas, including computer vision, …
Hygcn: A gcn accelerator with hybrid architecture | M Yan, L Deng, X Hu, L Liang, Y Feng… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … • We study an emerging domain, GCNs, from a computer architecture perspective and show  that hybrid execution patterns exist in GCNs. … • We propose a GCN accelerator, HyGCN,  using a hybrid architecture to efficiently perform GCNs. First, we build a programming model to …
Softsku: Optimizing server architectures for microservice diversity@ scale | A Sriraman, A Dhanotia, TF Wenisch - … the 46th International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the 46th International Symposium on Computer Architecture: SoftSKU:  optimizing server architectures for microserv … Are there common bottlenecks across microservices  that we might address when selecting a future server CPU architecture? …
Mocktails: capturing the memory behaviour of proprietary mobile architectures | M Badr, C Delconte, I Edo, R Jagtap… - … Annual International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Computation demands on mobile and edge devices are increasing dramatically. Mobile  devices, such as smart phones, incorporate a large number of dedicated accelerators and  fixedfunction hardware blocks to deliver the required performance and power efficiency. Due to …
Simba: Scaling deep-learning inference with multi-chip-module-based architecture | YS Shao, J Clemons, R Venkatesan, B Zimmer… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA). … In  Proceedings of the International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA). … In  Proceedings of the International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA). …
Non-uniform partitioning for collaborative execution on heterogeneous architectures | G Freytag, MS Serpa, JVF Lima, P Rech… - … 31st International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Since the demand for computing power increases, new architectures arise to obtain better  performance. An important class of integrated devices is heterogeneous architectures, which  join different specialized hardware into a single chip, composing a System on Chip - SoC. …
Demonstration of the trapped-ion quantum CCD computer architecture | JM Pino, JM Dreiling, C Figgatt, JP Gaebler, SA Moses… - Nature, 2021 - nature.com | … this architecture to larger qubit numbers. Here we use a cryogenic surface trap to integrate  all necessary elements of the QCCD architecture—a scalable trap design, parallel interaction  zones and fast ion transport—into a programmable trapped-ion quantum computer that has …
A survey of accelerator architectures for deep neural networks | Y Chen, Y Xie, L Song, F Chen, T Tang - Engineering, 2020 - Elsevier | … We discuss various architectures that support DNN executions in terms of computing units,  dataflow optimization, targeted network topologies, architectures on emerging technologies,  and accelerators for emerging applications. We also provide our visions on the future trend of …
Neural cache: Bit-serial in-cache acceleration of deep neural networks | C Eckert, X Wang, J Wang… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents the Neural Cache architecture, which re-purposes cache structures to  transform them into massively parallel compute units capable of running inferences for Deep  Neural Networks. Techniques to do in-situ arithmetic in SRAM arrays, create efficient data …
A domain-specific architecture for deep neural networks | NP Jouppi, C Young, N Patil, D Patterson - Communications of the ACM, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … For at least the past decade, computer architecture researchers have been publishing  innovations based on simulations using limited benchmarks claiming improvements for  general-purpose processors of 10% or less, while we are now reporting gains for a domain-specific …
Sparch: Efficient architecture for sparse matrix multiplication | Z Zhang, H Wang, S Han… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Generalized Sparse Matrix-Matrix Multiplication (SpGEMM) is a ubiquitous task in various  engineering and scientific applications. However, inner product based SpGEMM introduces  redundant input fetches for mismatched nonzero operands, while outer product based …
Bingo spatial data prefetcher | M Bakhshalipour, M Shakerinava… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Applications extensively use data objects with a regular and fixed layout, which leads to the  recurrence of access patterns over memory regions. Spatial data prefetching techniques  exploit this phenomenon to prefetch future memory references and hide the long latency of …
PermDNN: Efficient compressed DNN architecture with permuted diagonal matrices | C Deng, S Liao, Y Xie, KK Parhi… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … As analyzed in [20], forcing a CONV layertargeted architecture to execute FC layers will  cause noticeable performance degradation. We believe that, to realize an efficient architecture  for CNNs with both CONV and FC layers, a specialized design that optimizes for FC layer is a …
Accel-Sim: An extensible simulation framework for validated GPU modeling | M Khairy, Z Shen, TM Aamodt… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In computer architecture, significant innovation frequently comes from industry. However,  the simulation tools used by industry are often not released for open use, and even when  they are, the exact details of industrial designs are not disclosed. As a result, research in the …
A reconfigurable accelerator for sparse convolutional neural networks | W You, C Wu - … of the 2019 ACM/SIGDA International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Similar to the DNNWEAVER architecture, our accelerator also uses two-level architecture  hierarchy, with multiple Processing Units (PUs) and … Our architecture does not require the  large multiplexer for data selection as needed in Cambricon-X, thus, is more suitable for larger …
Optimizing weight mapping and data flow for convolutional neural networks on RRAM based processing-in-memory architecture | X Peng, R Liu, S Yu - … International Symposium on Circuits and …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Resistive random access memory (RRAM) based array architecture has been proposed for  on-chip acceleration of convolutional neural networks (CNNs), where the array could be  configured for dot-product computation in a parallel fashion by summing up the column currents. …
The architectural implications of facebook's dnn-based personalized recommendation | U Gupta, CJ Wu, X Wang, M Naumov… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The systems and computer architecture community has made significant strides in optimizing  the performance, energy efficiency, and … Open-source: To facilitate future work on at-scale  recommendation systems for the systems and computer architecture community, Facebook …
Reliability-aware data placement for heterogeneous memory architecture | M Gupta, V Sridharan, D Roberts… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | System reliability is a first-class concern as technology continues to shrink, resulting in  increased vulnerability to traditional sources of errors such as single event upsets. By tracking  access counts and the Architectural Vulnerability Factor (AVF), application data can be …
Performance analysis and optimization of automotive gpus | F Mazzocchetti, P Benedicte, H Tabani… - … 31st International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) and Autonomous Driving (AD) have drastically  increased the performance demands of automotive systems. Suitable high-performance  platforms building upon Graphic Processing Units (GPUs) have been developed to respond to …
Tensordimm: A practical near-memory processing architecture for embeddings and tensor operations in deep learning | Y Kwon, Y Lee, M Rhu - … Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … • The computer architecture community has so far primarily focused on accelerating the  computationally intensive, “dense” DNN layers (eg… • We propose TensorDIMM, a practical  near-memory processing architecture built on top of commodity DRAMs which offers scalable …
V-PIM: An analytical overhead model for processing-in-memory architectures | P Xie, G Sun, F Wang, G Luo - … and Applications Symposium  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … of various PIM architectures, this paper presents V-PIM, a generic and flexible analytical  model. By characterizing an architecture with only … To validate the model, we compare the  results of V-PIM with simulation results against three novel PIM architectures and four tasks from …
eQASM: An executable quantum instruction set architecture | X Fu, L Riesebos, MA Rol, J Van Straten… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … we can reduce the required instruction issue rate Rreq by increasing the instruction information  density at the architecture level, and/or … Bertels, “Pauli frames for quantum computer  architectures,” in Proceedings of the 54th Annual Design Automation Conference. ACM, 2017…
MINT: Mixed-precision RRAM-based IN-memory training architecture | H Jiang, S Huang, X Peng, S Yu - … International Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this work, we propose a mixed-precision RRAM-based CIM architecture that overcomes  these challenges and supports on-chip training. In particular, we split the multi-bit weight  into the most significant bits (MSBs) and the least significant bits (LSBs). The forward and …
Centaur: A chiplet-based, hybrid sparse-dense accelerator for personalized recommendations | R Hwang, T Kim, Y Kwon, M Rhu - … International Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … CPU+FPGA so we evaluate Centaur using this computing architecture as a proof-of-concept  prototype. The entire sparse-dense … [63] states that only 2.1% of research papers  published in top computer architecture venues studies recommendation models). Our recent …
Deeprecsys: A system for optimizing end-to-end at-scale neural recommendation inference | U Gupta, S Hsia, V Saraph, X Wang… - … Annual International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Neural personalized recommendation is the cornerstone of a wide collection of cloud  services and products, constituting significant compute demand of cloud infrastructure. Thus,  improving the execution efficiency of recommendation directly translates into infrastructure …
Dcs-ctrl: a fast and flexible device-control mechanism for device-centric server architecture | D Kwon, J Ahn, D Chae, M Ajdari, J Lee… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Modern high-performance servers leverage a large number of emerging peripheral devices  (eg, data processing accelerators, non-volatile memory storage, high-bandwidth network  cards) to meet ever-increasing performance demands of server applications. However, as such …
Towards an optimized multi FPGA architecture with STDM network: A preliminary study | K Hironaka, NAV Doan, H Amano - International Symposium on Applied …, 2018 - Springer | In this work, we propose a multi FPGA architecture with STDM network that aims to tackle  compute-intensive applications such as neural networks training or pattern recognition in  artificial intelligence while realizing high cost-performance and energy efficiency. To achieve this …
Bbs: Micro-architecture benchmarking blockchain systems through machine learning and fuzzy set | L Zhu, C Chen, Z Su, W Chen, T Li… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Due to the decentralization, irreversibility, and traceability, blockchain has attracted significant  attention and has been deployed in many critical industries such as banking and logistics.  However, the micro-architecture characteristics of blockchain programs still remain unclear. …
FPGA-based high-performance parallel architecture for homomorphic computing on encrypted data | SS Roy, F Turan, K Jarvinen… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper we present our year long effort to design a domain specific architecture in a  heterogeneous Arm+FPGA platform to accelerate … multi-processor architecture for computing.  We implemented and tested our optimized domain specific programmable architecture on a …
Bit-level perceptron prediction for indirect branches | E Garza, S Mirbagher-Ajorpaz, TA Khan… - … Annual International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Modern software uses indirect branches for various purposes including, but not limited to,  virtual method dispatch and implementation of switch statements. Because an indirect branch's  target address cannot be determined prior to execution, high-performance processors …
Gcnax: A flexible and energy-efficient accelerator for graph convolutional neural networks | J Li, A Louri, A Karanth… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Graph convolutional neural networks (GCNs) have emerged as an effective approach to  extend deep learning for graph data analytics. Given that graphs are usually irregular, as  nodes in a graph may have a varying number of neighbors, processing GCNs efficiently pose a …
Manic: A vector-dataflow architecture for ultra-low-power embedded systems | G Gobieski, A Nagi, N Serafin, MM Isgenc… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Existing systems for these applications suffer fundamental inefficiencies that demand new,  extremely energy-efficient computer architectures. Sensing workloads are increasingly  sophisticated: Sensor devices collect data from a deployed environment and must process raw …
A review of near-memory computing architectures: Opportunities and challenges | G Singh, L Chelini, S Corda, AJ Awan… - 2018 21st Euromicro …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The conventional approach of moving stored data to the CPU for computation has become  a major performance bottleneck for emerging scale-out data-intensive applications due to  their limited data reuse. At the same time, the advancement in integration technologies have …
Analysis and optimization of the memory hierarchy for graph processing workloads | A Basak, S Li, X Hu, SM Oh, X Xie… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … characterization of multi-threaded graph processing applications on manyintegrated-core  architecture," in International Symposium on … -level pim offloading in graph computing  frameworks," in International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture, pp. 457-468, …
Are coherence protocol states vulnerable to information leakage? | F Yao, M Doroslovacki… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Most commercial multi-core processors incorporate hardware coherence protocols to  support efficient data transfers and updates between their constituent cores. While hardware  coherence protocols provide immense benefits for application performance by removing the …
MGPUSim: enabling multi-GPU performance modeling and optimization | Y Sun, T Baruah, SA Mojumder, S Dong… - … Computer Architecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The rapidly growing popularity and scale of data-parallel workloads demand a corresponding  increase in raw computational power of Graphics Processing Units (GPUs). As single-GPU  platforms struggle to satisfy these performance demands, multi-GPU platforms have started …
Conditional speculation: An effective approach to safeguard out-of-order execution against spectre attacks | P Li, L Zhao, R Hou, L Zhang… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Speculative execution side-channel vulnerabilities such as Spectre reveal that conventional  architecture designs lack security consideration. This paper proposes a software transparent  defense mechanism, named as Conditional Speculation, against Spectre vulnerabilities …
Energy-efficient neural network accelerator based on outlier-aware low-precision computation | E Park, D Kim, S Yoo - … International Symposium on Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Owing to the presence of large values, which we call outliers, conventional methods of  quantization fail to achieve significantly low precision, eg, four bits, for very deep neural networks,  such as ResNet-101. In this study, we propose a hardware accelerator, called the outlier-…
An overview of next-generation architectures for machine learning: Roadmap, opportunities and challenges in the IoT era | M Shafique, T Theocharides… - … , Automation & Test …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … in proceedings of the 38th annual international symposium on computer architecture. acm,  Usa [5… machine learning accelerator.9 acm siGaRcH computer architecture news. vol. 43. …  of a tensor processing unit.9 international symposium on computer architecture. acm, 2017. [50] …
Efficient invisible speculative execution through selective delay and value prediction | C Sakalis, S Kaxiras, A Ros… - … Annual International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Speculative execution, the base on which modern high-performance general-purpose  CPUs are built on, has recently been shown to enable a slew of security attacks. All these  attacks are centered around a common set of behaviors: During speculative execution, the …
Sparse reram engine: Joint exploration of activation and weight sparsity in compressed neural networks | TH Yang, HY Cheng, CL Yang, IC Tseng… - … Computer Architecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Exploiting model sparsity to reduce ineffectual computation is a commonly used approach to  achieve energy efficiency for DNN inference accelerators. However, due to the tightly coupled  crossbar structure, exploiting sparsity for ReRAM-based NN accelerator is a less explored …
A^ 3: Accelerating Attention Mechanisms in Neural Networks with Approximation | TJ Ham, SJ Jung, S Kim, YH Oh, Y Park… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | With the increasing computational demands of the neural networks, many hardware accelerators  for the neural networks have been proposed. Such existing neural network accelerators  often focus on popular neural network types such as convolutional neural networks (CNNs) …
Floatpim: In-memory acceleration of deep neural network training with high precision | M Imani, S Gupta, Y Kim… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Processing In-Memory (PIM) has shown a great potential to accelerate inference tasks of  Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). However, existing PIM architectures do not support high  precision computation, eg, in floating point precision, which is essential for training accurate …
Adaptive voltage/frequency scaling and core allocation for balanced energy and performance on multicore CPUs | G Papadimitriou, A Chatzidimitriou… - … computer architecture …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Energy efficiency is a known major concern for computing system designers. Significant effort  is devoted to power optimization of modern systems, especially in large-scale installations  such as data centers, in which both high performance and energy efficiency are important. …
GraphP: Reducing communication for PIM-based graph processing with efficient data partition | M Zhang, Y Zhuo, C Wang, M Gao, Y Wu… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Processing-In-Memory (PIM) is an effective technique that reduces data movements by  integrating processing units within memory. The recent advance of “big data” and 3D stacking  technology make PIM a practical and viable solution for the modern data processing workloads. …
Hardware-based domain virtualization for intra-process isolation of persistent memory objects | Y Xu, CC Ye, Y Solihin, X Shen - … International Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper presents two novel architecture supports, which provide 11−52× higher efficiency  while offering the first known domain-based … 3) We propose an architecture support for  domain virtualization, which manages per-thread permission directly on domains, completely …
Improving predication efficiency through compaction/restoration of simd instructions | A Barredo, JM Cebrian, M Moretó… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Vector processors offer a wide range of unexplored opportunities to improve performance  and energy efficiency. However, despite its potential, vector code generation and execution  have significant challenges, the most relevant ones being control flow divergence. Most …
New attacks and defense for encrypted-address cache | MK Qureshi - … Annual International Symposium on Computer …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Conflict-based cache attacks can allow an adversary to infer the access pattern of a co-running  application by orchestrating evictions via cache conflicts. Such attacks can be mitigated by  randomizing the location of the lines in the cache. Our recent proposal, CEASER, makes …
Interplay between hardware prefetcher and page eviction policy in CPU-GPU unified virtual memory | D Ganguly, Z Zhang, J Yang, R Melhem - … 46th International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Memory capacity in GPGPUs is a major challenge for data-intensive applications with their  ever increasing memory requirement. To fit a workload into the limited GPU memory space,  a programmer needs to manually divide the workload by tiling the working set and perform …
Gist: Efficient data encoding for deep neural network training | A Jain, A Phanishayee, J Mars, L Tang… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Modern deep neural networks (DNNs) training typically relies on GPUs to train complex  hundred-layer deep networks. A significant problem facing both researchers and industry  practitioners is that, as the networks get deeper, the available GPU main memory becomes a …
Full-stack, real-system quantum computer studies: Architectural comparisons and design insights | P Murali, NM Linke, M Martonosi… - … Annual International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In recent years, Quantum Computing (QC) has progressed to the point where small working  prototypes are available for use. Termed Noisy Intermediate-Scale Quantum (NISQ)  computers, these prototypes are too small for large benchmarks or even for Quantum Error …
Scheduling page table walks for irregular GPU applications | S Shin, G Cox, M Oskin, GH Loh… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recent studies on commercial hardware demonstrated that irregular GPU applications can  bottleneck on virtual-to-physical address translations. In this work, we explore ways to reduce  address translation overheads for such applications. We discover that the order of servicing …
Steal but no force: Efficient hardware undo+ redo logging for persistent memory systems | MA Ogleari, EL Miller, J Zhao - … IEEE International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Persistent memory is a new tier of memory that functions as a hybrid of traditional storage  systems and main memory. It combines the benefits of both: the data persistence of storage  with the fast load/store interface of memory. Most previous persistent memory designs place …
Modern hardware margins: CPUs, GPUs, FPGAs recent system-level studies | D Gizopoulos, G Papadimitriou… - … 25th International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … in GPU architectures in IEEE International Symposium on High Performance Computer  Architecture (HPCA), 2015. [30] J. Leng, Y. … Rhu, MS Gupta, and VJ Reddi, ³GPUVolt:  modeling and characterizing voltage noise in GPU architectures in International Symposium on …
Rethinking belady's algorithm to accommodate prefetching | A Jain, C Lin - … Annual International Symposium on Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper shows that in the presence of data prefetchers, cache replacement policies are  faced with a large unexplored design space. In particular, we observe that while Belady's MIN  algorithm minimizes the total number of cache misses-including those for prefetched lines-it …
Lost in abstraction: Pitfalls of analyzing GPUs at the intermediate language level | A Gutierrez, BM Beckmann, A Dutu… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Modern GPU frameworks use a two-phase compilation approach. Kernels written in a high-level  language are initially compiled to an implementation agnostic intermediate language (IL),  then finalized to the machine ISA only when the target GPU hardware is known. Most GPU …
Vertically integrated computing labs using open-source hardware generators and cloud-hosted FPGAs | A Amid, A Ou, K Asanović, YS Shao… - 2021 IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … in advanced computer architecture remain unchanged. Computer architecture education lies  at the intersection between computer science … We describe our experiences with a joint  hardware-software approach to exploring computer architecture concepts in class exercises, by …
Study of iot architecture and application invariant functionalities | N Pawar, T Bourgeau… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … IoT, first is the IoT architecture for systematic study of common characteristics and second is  the IoT application invariant functionalities and programming patterns. We think that our work  exposes a step forward to review on the overall IoT architecture and provides a lightweight …
Design space exploration of accelerators and end-to-end dnn evaluation with tflite-soc | NB Agostini, S Dong, E Karimi… - … 32nd International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To tackle this issue, it is of paramount importance to provide the computer architecture  research community with a common framework capable of performing a comprehensive, uniform,  and fair comparison across different accelerator designs targeting a particular ML task. To …
A configurable cloud-scale DNN processor for real-time AI | J Fowers, K Ovtcharov, M Papamichael… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Interactive AI-powered services require low-latency evaluation of deep neural network (DNN)  models-aka ""real-time AI"". The growing demand for computationally expensive, state-of-the-art  DNNs, coupled with diminishing performance gains of general-purpose architectures, …
Stealth-Persist: Architectural Support for Persistent Applications in Hybrid Memory Systems | M Alwadi, VR Kommareddy, C Hughes… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Non-volatile memories (NVMs) have the characteristics of both traditional storage systems (persistent)  and traditional memory systems (byte-addressable). However, they suffer from high write  latency and have a limited write endurance. Researchers have proposed hybrid …
Xfer: A novel design to achieve super-linear performance on multiple fpgas for real-time ai | W Jiang, X Zhang, EHM Sha, Q Zhuge, L Yang… - … /SIGDA International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 45th Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture, pages  1--14. IEEE Press, 2018. Google Scholar … In Proceedings of the 2016 International Symposium  on Low Power Electronics and Design, pages 326--331. ACM, 2016. Google Scholar …
Latte-cc: Latency tolerance aware adaptive cache compression management for energy efficient gpus | A Arunkumar, SY Lee… - … Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | General-purpose GPU applications are significantly constrained by the efficiency of the  memory subsystem and the availability of data cache capacity on GPUs. Cache compression,  while is able to expand the effective cache capacity and improve cache efficiency, comes with …
Prefetch-guard: Leveraging hardware prefetches to defend against cache timing channels | H Fang, SS Dayapule, F Yao… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Cache timing channels are a form of information leakage that operate through modulating  cache access latencies and ultimately exfiltrate sensitive user information to adversaries.  Among the many forms of timing channels, covert channels are particularly dangerous as they …
The What's Next Intermittent Computing Architecture | K Ganesan, J San Miguel… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Energy-harvesting devices operate under extremely tight energy constraints. Ensuring  forward progress under frequent power outages is paramount. Applications running on these  devices are typically amenable to approximation, offering new opportunities to provide better …
The First Brazilian Symposium on Computer Music presents Brazilian computer music potentials-Caxambu, MG, 1994 | M Loureiro - Anais do XVII Simpósio Brasileiro de Computação …, 2019 - sol.sbc.org.br | … These committees are sub-groups of SBC dedicated to specific computer science topics, such  as computer architecture, database, computer graphics and image processing, educational  informatics, artificial intelligence, robotics, among others. Aluizio Arcela confirmed with …
Twig: Profile-guided BTB prefetching for data center applications | TA Khan, N Brown, A Sriraman… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In 2013 IEEE 19th International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture.  IEEE, 71–82. … Profiling a warehousescale computer. In Proceedings of the 42nd Annual  International Symposium on Computer Architecture. 158–169. …
RANA: Towards efficient neural acceleration with refresh-optimized embedded DRAM | F Tu, W Wu, S Yin, L Liu, S Wei - … International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The growing size of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) requires large amounts of on-chip  storage. In many CNN accelerators, their limited on-chip memory capacity causes massive  off-chip memory access and leads to very high system energy consumption. Embedded …
Improving GPU Multi-tenancy with Page Walk Stealing | B Pratheek, N Jawalkar, A Basu - … International Symposium on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) architecture has evolved to accelerate parts of a single  application at a time. Consequently, several aspects of its architecture, particularly the virtual  memory, have embraced a shared-mostly design. This implicitly assumes that a single …
Timeloop: A systematic approach to dnn accelerator evaluation | A Parashar, P Raina, YS Shao, YH Chen… - … IEEE international …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—This paper presents Timeloop, an infrastructure for evaluating and exploring the  architecture design space of deep neural … range of architectures. To address these challenges,  we propose Timeloop, an infrastructure for evaluating and exploring the architecture design …
Applying deep learning to the cache replacement problem | Z Shi, X Huang, A Jain, C Lin - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … It is therefore natural to wonder if deep learning could drive innovation in the computer  architecture domain. In particular, modern microprocessors include many hardware predictors—for  branch prediction, for cache replacement, for data prefetching, etc—and deep learning …
MorLog: Morphable hardware logging for atomic persistence in non-volatile main memory | X Wei, D Feng, W Tong, J Liu… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Byte-addressable non-volatile memory (NVM) is emerging as an alternative for main memory.  Non-volatile main memory (NVMM) systems are required to support atomic persistence  and deal with the high overhead of programming NVM cells. To this end, recent studies …
Featherlight reuse-distance measurement | Q Wang, X Liu, M Chabbi - … IEEE International Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Data locality has a profound impact on program performance. Reuse distance-the number of  distinct memory locations accessed between two consecutive accesses to the same location-is  the de facto, machine-independent metric of data locality in a program. Reuse distance …
Digital-based processing in-memory: a highly-parallel accelerator for data intensive applications | M Imani, S Gupta, T Rosing - … of the International Symposium on Memory …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Recently, Processing In-Memory (PIM) has been shown as a promising solution to address  data movement issue in the current processors. However, today's PIM technologies are  mostly analog-based, which involve both scalability and efficiency issues. In this paper, we …
Machine learning at facebook: Understanding inference at the edge | CJ Wu, D Brooks, K Chen, D Chen… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | At Facebook, machine learning provides a wide range of capabilities that drive many aspects  of user experience including ranking posts, content understanding, object detection and  tracking for augmented and virtual reality, speech and text translations. While machine learning …
USCA: A unified systolic convolution array architecture for accelerating sparse neural network | W Liu, J Lin, Z Wang - … International Symposium on Circuits and …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The implementation results demonstrate that the architecture costs 206k logic gates and 114.7kB  on-chip memory. It can reach a peak performance of … Besides, to the best of our knowledge,  USCA is the first architecture that can simultaneously support conventional convolution, …
A new MRAM-based process in-memory accelerator for efficient neural network training with floating point precision | H Wang, Y Zhao, C Li, Y Wang… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … For evaluating the accelerator performance, we adopt the same memory subarray size of  1024×1024 and hardware architecture as the FloatPIM baseline [1] for a fair comparison. The  performance of both the proposed and FloatPIM accelerators are then obtained by designing …
E-RNN: Design optimization for efficient recurrent neural networks in FPGAs | Z Li, C Ding, S Wang, W Wen, Y Zhuo… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) are becoming increasingly important for time series-related  applications which require efficient and real-time implementations. The two major types are  Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) and Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) networks. It is a …
Fafnir: Accelerating sparse gathering by using efficient near-memory intelligent reduction | B Asgari, R Hadidi, J Cao, SK Lim… - … Computer Architecture …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Memory-bound sparse gathering, caused by irregular random memory accesses, has become  an obstacle in several on-demand applications such as embedding lookup in recommendation  systems. To reduce the amount of data movement, and thereby better utilize memory …
ACR: Amnesic checkpointing and recovery | I Akturk, UR Karpuzcu - 2020 IEEE International Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Systematic checkpointing of the machine state makes restart of execution from a safe state  possible upon detection of an error. The time and energy overhead of checkpointing, however,  grows with the frequency of checkpointing. Considering the growth of expected error rates, …
A stochastic-computing based deep learning framework using adiabatic quantum-flux-parametron superconducting technology | R Cai, A Ren, O Chen, N Liu, C Ding… - … Annual International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The Adiabatic Quantum-Flux-Parametron (AQFP) superconducting technology has been  recently developed, which achieves the highest energy efficiency among superconducting  logic families, potentially 10 4 -10 5 gain compared with state-of-the-art CMOS. In 2016, the …
Slipstream processors revisited: exploiting branch sets | V Srinivasan, RBR Chowdhury… - … Computer Architecture …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Delinquent branches and loads remain key performance limiters in some applications. One  approach to mitigate them is pre-execution. Broadly, there are two classes of pre-execution:  one class repeatedly forks small helper threads, each targeting an individual dynamic …
Amdahl's law for tail latency | C Delimitrou, C Kozyrakis - Communications of the ACM, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Computer architecture is at an inflection point. The emergence of warehouse-scale computers  has brought large online services to the forefront in the form of Web search, social networks,  software-as-a-service, and more. These applications service millions of user queries daily, …
Enabling efficient ReRAM-based neural network computing via crossbar structure adaptive optimization | C Liu, F Yu, Z Qin, X Chen - … of the ACM/IEEE International Symposium …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Neural network optimization algorithms such as sparsity are developed to achieve efficient  neural network computing on traditional computer architectures such as CPU and GPU.  However, such computing efficiency improvement is hindered when deploying these algorithms …
Characterizing and mitigating output reporting bottlenecks in spatial automata processing architectures | J Wadden, K Angstadt… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … design for automata processing on FPGAs and automata-specific spatial architectures.  Using reporting … architecture that increases performance over the Micron D480 AP reporting  architecture, while still supporting a large number of generic output ports. This architecture …
An updated survey of efficient hardware architectures for accelerating deep convolutional neural networks | M Capra, B Bussolino, A Marchisio, M Shafique… - Future Internet, 2020 - mdpi.com | … In the following sections, we will deal with the latest architectures with the main focus on  new types of dataflow, reconfigurable architectures, variable precision, and sparsity. The  reconfigurable architecture, sometimes coupled with adaptable bitwidth, is a flexible solution to …
Temporal prefetching without the off-chip metadata | H Wu, K Nathella, J Pusdesris, D Sunwoo… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 24th Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture. … In  Proceedings of the International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA). 24ś33. … In  Proceedings of the 29th Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture. 171ś182. [44] …
SparTen: A sparse tensor accelerator for convolutional neural networks | A Gondimalla, N Chesnut, M Thottethodi… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … performs 4.7 x, 1.8 x, and 3x better than a dense architecture, one-sided sparse architecture,  and SCNN, respectively. An FPGA implementation shows that SparTen performs 4.3 x and  1.9 x better than a dense architecture and a one-sided sparse architecture, respectively. …
Attacking memory-hard scrypt with near-data-processing | J Choe, T Moreshet, RI Bahar, M Herlihy - … the International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We show that the scrypt algorithm can be accelerated with a simple NDP architecture and  provide realistic evaluations with a cycle-accurate, full-system NDP architecture framework.  We also suggest how scrypt can be further accelerated with various compute-capable memory …
REDUCT: Keep it Close, Keep it Cool!: Efficient Scaling of DNN Inference on Multi-core CPUs with Near-Cache Compute | AV Nori, R Bera, S Balachandran… - … Annual International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep Neural Networks (DNN) are used in a variety of applications and services. With the  evolving nature of DNNs, the race to build optimal hardware (both in datacenter and edge)  continues. General purpose multi-core CPUs offer unique attractive advantages for DNN …
Pioneering Chiplet Technology and Design for the AMD EPYC™ and Ryzen™ Processor Families: Industrial Product | S Naffziger, N Beck, T Burd, K Lepak… - … Annual International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | For decades, Moore’s Law has delivered the ability to integrate an exponentially increasing  number of devices in the same silicon area at a roughly constant cost. This has enabled  tremendous levels of integration, where the capabilities of computer systems that previously …
Nand-net: Minimizing computational complexity of in-memory processing for binary neural networks | H Kim, J Sim, Y Choi, LS Kim - … IEEE International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, their performances are severely limited by the overheads induced by the  modification of the conventional memory architectures. To alleviate the performance degradation,  we propose NANDNet, an efficient architecture to minimize the computational complexity of in-…
Adaptive memory fusion: Towards transparent, agile integration of persistent memory | D Xue, C Li, L Huang, C Wu, T Li - … International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … section we first compare different architecture design options for PM integration. We then discuss  the key feature of our fusion architecture. … We present a fusion architecture that synergistically  integrates DRAM and PM, as shown in Figure 3 (A6). It uses both PM and DRAM to get …
High-performance deep-learning coprocessor integrated into x86 soc with server-class cpus industrial product | G Henry, P Palangpour, M Thomson… - … Annual International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Demand for high performance deep learning (DL) inference in software applications is  growing rapidly. DL workloads run on myriad platforms, including general purpose processors  (CPU), system-on-chip (SoC) with accelerators, graphics processing units (GPU), and neural …
Morton filters: faster, space-efficient cuckoo filters via biasing, compression, and decoupled logical sparsity | AD Breslow, NS Jayasena - Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 23rd Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture,  Philadelphia, PA, USA, May 22--24, 1996, pages 191--… In Proceedings 33rd Annual IEEE/ACM  International Symposium on Microarchitecture. MICRO-33 2000, pages 32--41, 2000. Google …
Dhtm: Durable hardware transactional memory | A Joshi, V Nagarajan, M Cintra… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The emergence of byte-addressable persistent (non-volatile) memory provides a low latency  and high bandwidth path to durability. However, programmers need guarantees on what  will remain in persistent memory in the event of a system crash. A widely accepted model for …
AIoT bench: towards comprehensive benchmarking mobile and embedded device intelligence | C Luo, F Zhang, C Huang, X Xiong, J Chen… - International Symposium …, 2018 - Springer | Due to increasing amounts of data and compute resources, the deep learning achieves many  successes in various domains. Recently, researchers and engineers make effort to apply  the intelligent algorithms to the mobile or embedded devices. In this paper, we propose a …
Pm3: Power modeling and power management for processing-in-memory | C Zhang, T Meng, G Sun - 2018 IEEE International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Processing-in-Memory (PIM) has been proposed as a solution to accelerate data-intensive  applications, such as real-time Big Data processing and neural networks. The acceleration  of data processing using a PIM relies on its high internal memory bandwidth, which always …
GraphABCD: Scaling out graph analytics with asynchronous block coordinate descent | Y Yang, Z Li, Y Deng, Z Liu, S Yin… - … Computer Architecture …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | It is of vital importance to efficiently process large graphs for many data-intensive applications.  As a result, a large collection of graph analytic frameworks has been proposed to improve  the per-iteration performance on a single kind of computation resource. However, heavy …
Comprehensive evaluation of supply voltage underscaling in fpga on-chip memories | B Salami, OS Unsal… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this work, we evaluate aggressive undervolting, ie, voltage scaling below the nominal level  to reduce the energy consumption of Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs). Usually,  voltage guardbands are added by chip vendors to ensure the worst-case process and …
Architectural implications of function-as-a-service computing | M Shahrad, J Balkind, D Wentzlaff - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We see significant opportunity for computer architecture researchers to develop new  mechanisms to address these challenges. Alongside this study, we open source a tool we  developed, FaaSProfiler, which can accelerate testing and profiling FaaS platforms. …
Mlperf inference benchmark | VJ Reddi, C Cheng, D Kanter, P Mattson… - … Annual International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Machine-learning (ML) hardware and software system demand is burgeoning. Driven by ML  applications, the number of different ML inference systems has exploded. Over 100  organizations are building ML inference chips, and the systems that incorporate existing models …
AIBench: towards scalable and comprehensive datacenter AI benchmarking | W Gao, C Luo, L Wang, X Xiong, J Chen, T Hao… - International Symposium …, 2018 - Springer | AI benchmarking provides yardsticks for benchmarking, measuring and evaluating innovative  AI algorithms, architecture, and systems. Coordinated by BenchCouncil, this paper presents  our joint research and engineering efforts with several academic and industrial partners on …
Outerspace: An outer product based sparse matrix multiplication accelerator | S Pal, J Beaumont, DH Park… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Sparse matrices are widely used in graph and data analytics, machine learning, engineering  and scientific applications. This paper describes and analyzes OuterSPACE, an accelerator  targeted at applications that involve large sparse matrices. OuterSPACE is a highly-scalable…
SiMul: An algorithm-driven approximate multiplier design for machine learning | Z Liu, A Yazdanbakhsh, T Park, H Esmaeilzadeh… - IEEE Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The need to support various machine learning (ML) algorithms on energy-constrained  computing devices has steadily grown. In this article, we propose an approximate multiplier,  which is a key hardware component in various ML accelerators. Dubbed SiMul, our approximate …
Accelerating distributed reinforcement learning with in-switch computing | Y Li, IJ Liu, Y Yuan, D Chen… - … Annual International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this project, we exploit the existing network architecture of a typical data center to scale  distributed RL training in rack-scale clusters. … We describe the architecture of the in-switch  accelerator in Figure 7. When a packet feeds in, a Separator will separate the bursts of the header …
Processing-in-memory for energy-efficient neural network training: A heterogeneous approach | J Liu, H Zhao, MA Ogleari, D Li… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … • We develop a heterogeneous PIM architecture and demonstrate the effectiveness of such  an architecture for training NN models. … Our architecture design supports our software design  in two ways: our heterogeneous PIM architecture enables efficient NN training acceleration …
Opportunistic compression for direct-mapped DRAM caches | AR Alameldeen, R Agarwal - … of the International Symposium on Memory …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In this paper, we propose a light-weight architecture that uses compression to increase the  associativity of a direct-mapped blockbased DRAM … In the remainder of this paper, we explain  the architecture in Section 2 and the compression algorithm in Section 3. We present our …
Applied Reconfigurable Computing. Architectures, Tools, and Applications: 14th International Symposium, ARC 2018, Santorini, Greece, May 2-4, 2018 … | N Voros, M Huebner, G Keramidas, D Goehringer… - 2018 - books.google.com | … The International Applied Reconfigurable Computing (ARC) symposium series provides a  forum for dissemination and discussion of ongoing … These accepted papers led to a very  interesting symposium program, which we consider to constitute a representative overview of …
Edge AIBench: towards comprehensive end-to-end edge computing benchmarking | T Hao, Y Huang, X Wen, W Gao, F Zhang… - International Symposium …, 2018 - Springer | In edge computing scenarios, the distribution of data and collaboration of workloads on  different layers are serious concerns for performance, privacy, and security issues. So for edge  computing benchmarking, we must take an end-to-end view, considering all three layers: client…
Applied machine learning at facebook: A datacenter infrastructure perspective | K Hazelwood, S Bird, D Brooks… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Machine learning sits at the core of many essential products and services at Facebook. This  paper describes the hardware and software infrastructure that supports machine learning at  global scale. Facebook's machine learning workloads are extremely diverse: services …
FLIN: Enabling fairness and enhancing performance in modern NVMe solid state drives | A Tavakkol, M Sadrosadati, S Ghose… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Modern solid-state drives (SSDs) use new host-interface protocols, such as NVMe, to provide  applications with fast access to storage. These new protocols make use of a concept known  as the multi-queue SSD (MQ-SSD), where the SSD has direct access to the application-…
Investigating deep learning architectures towards autonomous inspection for marine classification | R Andersen, L Nalpantidis, O Ravn… - 2020 IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Marine vessels undergo periodic inspections under which the condition of the vessel is  documented. A part of these inspections is to detect defects such as corrosion that degrade  the structural integrity of the vessel. The goal of this paper is to evaluate several deep learning …
DAWG: A defense against cache timing attacks in speculative execution processors | V Kiriansky, I Lebedev, S Amarasinghe… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Software side channel attacks have become a serious concern with the recent rash of attacks  on speculative processor architectures. Most attacks that have been demonstrated exploit  the cache tag state as their exfiltration channel. While many existing defense mechanisms …
Baldur: A power-efficient and scalable network using all-optical switches | MR Jokar, J Qiu, FT Chong, LL Goddard… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present the first all-optical network, Baldur, to enable power-efficient and high-speed  communications in future exascale computing systems. The essence of Baldur is its ability to  perform packet routing on-the-fly in the optical domain using an emerging technology called the …
Gdp: Using dataflow properties to accurately estimate interference-free performance at runtime | M Jahre, L Eeckhout - 2018 IEEE International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Multi-core memory systems commonly share resources between processors. Resource  sharing improves utilization at the cost of increased inter-application interference which may  lead to priority inversion, missed deadlines and unpredictable interactive performance. A key …
Efficient softmax hardware architecture for deep neural networks | G Du, C Tian, Z Li, D Zhang, Y Yin… - … on Great Lakes Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In order to solve the above issues, we present a softmax hardware architecture with proper  accuracy, good trade-off and strong expansibility. … The experimental results show that the  softmax hardware architecture proposed in this paper can achieve the calculation accuracy of 3 …
Synchronization Strategies on Many-Core SMT Systems | A Navarro-Torres, J Alastruey-Benedé… - … 33rd International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The complexity of efficient synchronization design increases with the continuous growth in  the number of physical and logical cores on today's machines. Opinion is divided on which  synchronization strategy is more powerful, opposing typical mechanisms, such as locks and …
Making memristive neural network accelerators reliable | B Feinberg, S Wang, E Ipek - … IEEE International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep neural networks (DNNs) have attracted substantial interest in recent years due to their  superior performance on many classification and regression tasks as compared to other  supervised learning models. DNNs often require a large amount of data movement, resulting in …
ARENA: The Augmented Reality Edge Networking Architecture | N Pereira, A Rowe, MW Farb, I Liang… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we present the design and evaluation of the AR Edge Networking Architecture  (ARENA) which is a platform that simplifies building and hosting collaborative XR applications  on WebXR capable browsers. ARENA provides a number of critical components including: …
COBRA: A Framework for Evaluating Compositions of Hardware Branch Predictors | J Zhao, A Gonzalez, A Amid… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … predictor architectures and how our hardware-centric approach captures concerns in  predictor characterization that are not exposed in software-based algorithm development. Using  COBRA, we generate three superscalar pipelined branch predictors with diverse architectures, …
Hardware Architecture and Software Stack for PIM Based on Commercial DRAM Technology: Industrial Product | S Lee, S Kang, J Lee, H Kim, E Lee… - … Annual International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Emerging applications such as deep neural network demand high off-chip memory bandwidth.  However, under stringent physical constraints of chip packages and system boards, it  becomes very expensive to further increase the bandwidth of off-chip memory. Besides, …
Focusnet: An attention-based fully convolutional network for medical image segmentation | C Kaul, S Manandhar, N Pears - … 16th international symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We demonstrate that our proposed architecture requires very minimal processing and  performs well on images with varying conditions. … decoder architecture to hierarchically extract  latent attention maps leading to more accurate decoding. We propose the FocusNet architecture (…
Computedram: In-memory compute using off-the-shelf drams | F Gao, G Tziantzioulis, D Wentzlaff - … IEEE/ACM international symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Subsequently, we employ these primitives to develop an architecture for arbitrary,  massively-parallel, computation. Utilizing a customized DRAM controller in an FPGA and commodity  DRAM modules, we characterize this opportunity in hardware for all major DRAM vendors. …
Compressing DMA engine: Leveraging activation sparsity for training deep neural networks | M Rhu, M O'Connor, N Chatterjee… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Popular deep learning frameworks require users to fine-tune their memory usage so that the  training data of a deep neural network (DNN) fits within the GPU physical memory. Prior work  tries to address this restriction by virtualizing the memory usage of DNNs, enabling both …
gem5-SALAM: A System Architecture for LLVM-based Accelerator Modeling | S Rogers, J Slycord, M Baharani… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | With the prevalence of hardware accelerators as an integral part of the modern systems on  chip (SoCs), the ability to quickly and accurately model accelerators within the system it  operates is critical. This paper presents gem5-SALAM as a novel system architecture for LLVM-…
In-situ ai: Towards autonomous and incremental deep learning for iot systems | M Song, K Zhong, J Zhang, Y Hu, D Liu… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recent years have seen an exploration of data volumes from a myriad of IoT devices, such  as various sensors and ubiquitous cameras. The deluge of IoT data creates enormous  opportunities for us to explore the physical world, especially with the help of deep learning …
There's plenty of room at the Top: What will drive computer performance after Moore's law? | CE Leiserson, NC Thompson, JS Emer… - …, 2020 - science.sciencemag.org | BACKGROUND Improvements in computing power can claim a large share of the credit for  many of the things that we take for granted in our modern lives: cellphones that are more  powerful than room-sized computers from 25 years ago, internet access for nearly half the world, …
SpAtten: Efficient Sparse Attention Architecture with Cascade Token and Head Pruning | H Wang, Z Zhang, S Han - 2021 IEEE International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The attention mechanism is becoming increasingly popular in Natural Language Processing  (NLP) applications, showing superior performance than convolutional and recurrent  architectures. However, general-purpose platforms such as CPUs and GPUs are inefficient when …
Cleanupspec: An" undo" approach to safe speculation | G Saileshwar, MK Qureshi - … Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 34th Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA  ’07). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 494–505. https://… In 2017 ACM/IEEE 44th Annual International  Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA). IEEE, 347–360. [60] Mengjia Yan, Yasser …
Fuse: Fusing stt-mram into gpus to alleviate off-chip memory access overheads | J Zhang, M Jung, M Kandemir - … IEEE International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this work, we propose FUSE, a novel GPU cache system that integrates spin-transfer torque  magnetic random-access memory (STT-MRAM) into the on-chip L1D cache. FUSE can  minimize the number of outgoing memory accesses over the interconnection network of GPU's …
Compressed cache layout aware prefetching | N Charmchi, C Collange… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The speed gap between CPU and memory is impairing performance. Cache compression and  hardware prefetching are two techniques that could confront this bottleneck by decreasing  last level cache misses. However, compression and prefetching have positive interactions, …
Fpsa: A full system stack solution for reconfigurable reram-based nn accelerator architecture | Y Ji, Y Zhang, X Xie, S Li, P Wang, X Hu… - … -Fourth International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Inspired by the spirit of the reduced instruction set computer (RISC) architecture of the  conventional computer systems, our compact hardware design enables extremely high  performance and can support rich NN functionalities with the software stack. …
Cambricon-S: Addressing irregularity in sparse neural networks through a cooperative software/hardware approach | X Zhou, Z Du, Q Guo, S Liu, C Liu… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this section, we present the detailed architecture of our accelerator, which efficiently  addresses the remaining irregularity of coarse-grained pruned sparse networks. Overview.  As depicted in Figure 11, we present the proposed accelerator architecture. Following the …
SparseAdapt: Runtime Control for Sparse Linear Algebra on a Reconfigurable Accelerator | S Pal, A Amarnath, S Feng, M O'Boyle… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … [66] propose a CGRA architecture that our framework can be adapted to, but is an orthogonal  contribution. … Flicker: A dynamically adaptive architecture for power limited multicore systems.  In Proceedings of the 40th Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture. 13–…
Designing vertical processors in monolithic 3D | B Gopireddy, J Torrellas - … 46th Annual International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | A processor laid out vertically in stacked layers can benefit from reduced wire delays, low  energy consumption, and a small footprint. Such a design can be enabled by Monolithic 3D (M3D),  a technology that provides short wire lengths, good thermal properties, and high …
Analyzing a five-year failure record of a leadership-class supercomputer | E Rojas, E Meneses, T Jones… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Extreme-scale computing systems are required to solve some of the grand challenges in  science and technology. From astrophysics to molecular biology, supercomputers are an  essential tool to accelerate scientific discovery. However, large computing systems are prone to …
HyperTRIO: hyper-tenant translation of I/O addresses | A Lavrov, D Wentzlaff - … International Symposium on Computer …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Hardware resource sharing has proven to be an efficient way to increase resource utilization,  save energy, and decrease operational cost. Modern-day servers accommodate hundreds  of Virtual Machines (VMs) running concurrently, and lightweight software abstractions like …
SOFF: an OpenCL high-level synthesis framework for FPGAs | G Jo, H Kim, J Lee, J Lee - … Annual International Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recently, OpenCL has been emerging as a programming model for energy-efficient FPGA  accelerators. However, the state-of-the-art OpenCL frameworks for FPGAs suffer from poor  performance and usability. This paper proposes a high-level synthesis framework of OpenCL …
Seeds of SEED: H2Cache: Building a Hybrid Randomized Cache Hierarchy for Mitigating Cache Side-Channel Attacks | X Zhang, Z Yuan, R Chang… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Cache side-channel attacks can leak critical information from the target programs. The cache  randomization methodology has proven to be an efficient way to mitigate such attacks. However,  existing works do not take the cache hierarchy into consideration, failing to address the …
Gables: A roofline model for mobile socs | M Hill, VJ Reddi - 2019 IEEE International Symposium on High …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The primary mode in computer architecture has been the use of cycle-level simulation, and  we expect this to continue in the later stages of SoC design. However, the early stages of SoC  design have questions like, “Which IPs should my SoC include and roughly how big?” Also, …
Supermem: Enabling application-transparent secure persistent memory with low overheads | P Zuo, Y Hua, Y Xie - … 52nd Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Overcoming the challenges of crossbar resistive memory architectures. In 2015 IEEE 21st  International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA). [45] Jian Xu and  … In Proceedings of the Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA). …
Beyond the memory wall: A case for memory-centric hpc system for deep learning | Y Kwon, M Rhu - … Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … • This work identifies key system-level performance bottlenecks on DC-DLA and motivates  the need for a new system architecture that balances fast communication and user productivity  in training large DNN algorithms. • We propose and evaluate a system architecture called …
Sigma: A sparse and irregular gemm accelerator with flexible interconnects for dnn training | E Qin, A Samajdar, H Kwon, V Nadella… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Unfortunately, emerging GEMMs in DL are highly irregular and sparse, which lead to poor  data mappings on systolic architectures. This paper proposes SIGMA, a flexible and scalable  architecture that offers high utilization of all its processing elements (PEs) regardless of …
Wait of a decade: Did spec cpu 2017 broaden the performance horizon? | R Panda, S Song, J Dean… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The recently released SPEC CPU2017 benchmark suite has already started receiving a lot  of attention from both industry and academic communities. However, due to the significantly  high size and complexity of the benchmarks, simulating all the CPU2017 benchmarks for …
Laconic deep learning inference acceleration | S Sharify, AD Lascorz, M Mahmoud… - … Annual International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present a method for transparently identifying ineffectual computations during inference  with Deep Learning models. Specifically, by decomposing multiplications down to the bit level,  the amount of work needed by multiplications during inference can be potentially reduced …
Graphq: Scalable pim-based graph processing | Y Zhuo, C Wang, M Zhang, R Wang, D Niu… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … This paper proposes GraphQ, an improved PIM-based graph processing architecture over  recent architecture Tesseract, that fundamentally eliminates irregular data movements. GraphQ  is inspired by ideas from distributed graph processing and irregular applications to enable …
Missing the forest for the trees: End-to-end ai application performance in edge data centers | D Richins, D Doshi, M Blackmore… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Artificial intelligence and machine learning are experiencing widespread adoption in the  industry, academia, and even public consciousness. This has been driven by the rapid advances  in the applications and accuracy of AI through increasingly complex algorithms and models…
A comprehensive memory analysis of data intensive workloads on server class architecture | HM Makrani, H Sayadi, SMP Dinakarra… - … of the International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Classification of workloads: As the goal of this section is to study the combined impact of  node architecture and data intensive workload’s characteristics, it is important to classify those  workloads. To this goal, we have explored the architectural behavior of studied workloads to …
Statistical assertions for validating patterns and finding bugs in quantum programs | Y Huang, M Martonosi - … the 46th International Symposium on Computer …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In support of the growing interest in quantum computing experimentation, programmers need  new tools to write quantum algorithms as program code. Compared to debugging classical  programs, debugging quantum programs is difficult because programmers have limited …
POWERT channels: A novel class of covert communicationexploiting power management vulnerabilities | SK Khatamifard, L Wang, A Das, S Kose… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | To be able to meet demanding application performance requirements within a tight power  budget, runtime power management must track hardware activity at a very fine granularity in  both space and time. This gives rise to sophisticated power management algorithms, which …
Albireo: Energy-efficient acceleration of convolutional neural networks via silicon photonics | K Shiflett, A Karanth, R Bunescu… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | With the end of Dennard scaling, highly-parallel and specialized hardware accelerators have  been proposed to improve the throughput and energy-efficiency of deep neural network  (DNN) models for various applications. However, collective data movement primitives such as …
DynaSprint: Microarchitectural Sprints with Dynamic Utility and Thermal Management | Z Huang, JA Joao, A Rico, AD Hilton… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 29th Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA  ’02). IEEE Computer Society, Washington, DC, … In 2018 IEEE International Symposium on  High Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA). 104–117. https://doi.org/10.1109/HPCA.…
EVA²: Exploiting temporal redundancy in live computer vision | M Buckler, P Bedoukian, S Jayasuriya… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Hardware support for deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) is critical to advanced  computer vision in mobile and embedded devices. Current designs, however, accelerate generic  CNNs; they do not exploit the unique characteristics of real-time vision. We propose to use …
Echo: Compiler-based GPU memory footprint reduction for LSTM RNN training | B Zheng, N Vijaykumar… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The Long-Short-Term-Memory Recurrent Neural Networks (LSTM RNNs) are a popular class  of machine learning models for analyzing sequential data. Their training on modern GPUs,  however, is limited by the GPU memory capacity. Our profiling results of the LSTM RNN-…
Locality-centric data and threadblock management for massive GPUs | M Khairy, V Nikiforov, D Nellans… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recent work has shown that building GPUs with hundreds of SMs in a single monolithic chip  will not be practical due to slowing growth in transistor density, low chip yields, and photoreticle  limitations. To maintain performance scalability, proposals exist to aggregate discrete …
Characterizing sources of ineffectual computations in deep learning networks | M Nikolić, M Mahmoud, A Moshovos… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Hardware accelerators for inference with neural networks can take advantage of the properties  of data they process. Performance gains and reduced memory bandwidth during inference  have been demonstrated by using narrower data types [1] [2] and by exploiting the ability …
BST: A BookSim-based toolset to simulate NoCs with single-and multi-hop bypass | I Perez, E Vallejo, M Moreto… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Figure 2 depicts the router architecture and pipeline of a generic bypass router, including  a bypass path in the input unit. The architecture is similar to a traditional virtual channel (VC)  router with LookAhead Routing (LAR pipeline stage), input buffers (Buffer Write, BW), VC and …
Rcoal: mitigating gpu timing attack via subwarp-based randomized coalescing techniques | G Kadam, D Zhang, A Jog - … IEEE International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Graphics processing units (GPUs) are becoming default accelerators in many domains such  as high-performance computing (HPC), deep learning, and virtual/augmented reality.  Recently, GPUs have also shown significant speedups for a variety of security-sensitive …
Directed statistical warming through time traveling | N Nikoleris, L Eeckhout, E Hagersten… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Improving the speed of computer architecture evaluation is of paramount importance to shorten  the time-to-market when developing new platforms. Sampling is a widely used methodology  to speed up workload analysis and performance evaluation by extrapolating from a set of …
Energy-Efficient Time Series Analysis Using Transprecision Computing | I Fernandez, R Quislant, E Gutierrez… - … Computer Architecture …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Time series analysis is a key step in monitoring and predicting events over time in domains  such as epidemiology, genomics, medicine, seismology, speech recognition, and economics.  Matrix Profile has been recently proposed as a promising technique to perform time series …
R2D2: Runtime reassurance and detection of A2 Trojan | Y Hou, H He, K Shamsi, Y Jin, D Wu… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We explore the architecture of the processor and present various novel ways to integrate  the … Hence, the security of systems based on ARM architectures is of critical concern. …  Sun, “Architecture design of a variable length instruction set VLIW DSP,” Tsinghua Science & …
Motivation for and evaluation of the first tensor processing unit | N Jouppi, C Young, N Patil, D Patterson - IEEE Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Alas, just when ML offers a burst of seemingly inexhaustible demand for computing cycles,  computer architecture is nearing the end of Moore’s … to be an exciting one for computer  architecture. We project another Renaissance in computer architecture, much like the early 1980s, …
A reliable localization architecture for mobile surveillance robots | D Portugal, A Araújo… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this work, we focus on conceiving a reliable localization architecture for mobile robots in  human-populated environments, in the context of … 3, we present the proposed localization  architecture to overcome 2020 IEEE International Symposium on Safety, Security, and Rescue …
SuperNPU: An extremely fast neural processing unit using superconducting logic devices | K Ishida, I Byun, I Nagaoka, K Fukumitsu… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … and limitations at the architecture level. In this paper, we present how to architect an SFQ-based  architectural unit by providing design principles with an extremeperformance neural processing  unit (NPU). To achieve the goal, we first implement an architecture-level simulator to …
Methodology for efficient reconfigurable architecture of generative neural network | W Mao, J Wang, J Lin, Z Wang - … IEEE International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we propose efficient reconfigurable architecture of generative neural networks.  Firstly, the fast reconfigurable unit (FRU) based on cascaded fast FIR algorithm (CFFA) is  proposed to support both convolutions and deconvolutions. The problems of overlapping and …
Improving the performance and endurance of encrypted non-volatile main memory through deduplicating writes | P Zuo, Y Hua, M Zhao, W Zhou… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Non-volatile memory (NVM) technologies are considered as promising candidates of the  next-generation main memory. However, the non-volatility of NVMs leads to new security  vulnerabilities. For example, it is not difficult to access sensitive data stored on stolen NVMs. …
Comprehensive VM protection against untrusted hypervisor through retrofitted AMD memory encryption | Y Wu, Y Liu, R Liu, H Chen, B Zang… - … Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The confidentiality of tenant's data is confronted with high risk when facing hardware attacks  and privileged malicious software. Hardware-based memory encryption is one of the promising  means to provide strong guarantees of data security. Recently AMD has proposed its …
A deep residual architecture for skin lesion segmentation | GM Venkatesh, YG Naresh, S Little… - … Theaters, Computer …, 2018 - Springer | … In this paper, we propose an automatic approach to skin lesion region segmentation based  on a deep learning architecture with multi-scale residual connections. The architecture of the  proposed model is based on UNet [22] with residual connections to maximise the learning …
NISQ+: Boosting quantum computing power by approximating quantum error correction | A Holmes, MR Jokar, G Pasandi, Y Ding… - … Annual International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Quantum computers are growing in size, and design decisions are being made now that  attempt to squeeze more computation out of these machines. In this spirit, we design a method  to boost the computational power of nearterm quantum computers by adapting protocols used …
… software to continue long-term observations with the Brewer spectrophotometer in the face of changing computer platforms: Implementing the Model-View architecture | VV Savinykh, AN Borovski… - 24th International …, 2018 - spiedigitallibrary.org | Recovery of the ozone layer likely caused by prohibiting some ozone-depleting substances  under the Montreal Protocol and observed since 1998 is uneven. In this regard, the tasks  remain to continue monitoring the ozone layer and to provide the homogeneity of the …
TPUPoint: Automatic Characterization of Hardware-Accelerated Machine-Learning Behavior for Cloud Computing | A Wudenhe, HW Tseng - 2021 IEEE International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Because conventional, general-purpose processors and graphical processing units (GPUs)  are optimized for scalar or vector operations, the modem computer architectures that rely on  them waste energy when performing ML tasks. More efficient ML accelerators that rely on …
On the resilience of rtl nn accelerators: Fault characterization and mitigation | B Salami, OS Unsal… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Machine Learning (ML) is making a strong resurgence in tune with the massive generation  of unstructured data which in turn requires massive computational resources. Due to the  inherently compute and power-intensive structure of Neural Networks (NNs), hardware …
Genax: A genome sequencing accelerator | D Fujiki, A Subramaniyan, T Zhang… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Genomics can transform health-care through precision medicine. Plummeting sequencing  costs would soon make genome testing affordable to the masses. Compute efficiency, however,  has to improve by orders of magnitude to sequence and analyze the raw genome data. …
The IBM z15 High Frequency Mainframe Branch Predictor Industrial Product | N Adiga, J Bonanno, A Collura… - … Annual International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The design of the modern, enterprise-class IBM z15 branch predictor is described.  Implemented as a multilevel look-ahead structure, the branch predictor is capable of predicting  branch direction and target addresses, augmented with multiple auxiliary direction, target, and …
Who limits the resource efficiency of my datacenter: An analysis of alibaba datacenter traces | J Guo, Z Chang, S Wang, H Ding… - … 27th International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , state-of-the-art cluster management systems and then describes the architecture of Alibaba’s  cluster management system. … This hybrid architecture has been verified to be a successful  design by China’s biggest Shopping Festival in 2017 and 2018. It is worth noting that the co-…
A solution to optimize multi-operand adders in CNN architecture on FPGA | FUD Farrukh, T Xie, C Zhang… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Optimization strategy based on WALLACE tree architecture is proposed in this article to  replace the typical binary adder tree in CNN accelerator design. Experimental results show an  improvement in terms of area optimization and performance in comparison with the previous …
Chameleon: A dynamically reconfigurable heterogeneous memory system | JB Kotra, H Zhang, AR Alameldeen… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we propose Chameleon, a hybrid architecture that bridges the gap between  cache and PoM architectures. When applications need a large memory, Chameleon uses both  fast and slow memories as PoM, maximizing the available space for the application. When …
Optimized FPGA-based Deep Learning Accelerator for Sparse CNN using High Bandwidth Memory | C Jiang, D Ojika, B Patel, H Lam - … International Symposium on …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … FPGAs have many advantages over traditional CPU architectures and other accelerators  such as deterministic low latency, energy efficiency, … 2 shows the top-level diagram of the  custom Intel DLA architecture for accelerating inference of sparse CNN models on systolic array …
Mi6: Secure enclaves in a speculative out-of-order processor | T Bourgeat, I Lebedev, A Wright, S Zhang… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In 2014 IEEE 20th International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture  (HPCA). 213–224. [23] Oded Goldreich. … In 2016 IEEE International Symposium on High  Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA). 657–668. https://doi.org/10.1109/HPCA.…
Dynamic memory dependence predication | Z Jin, S Önder - … Annual International Symposium on Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Store-queue-free architectures remove the store queue and use memory cloaking to  communicate in-flight stores instead. In these architectures, frequent mispredictions may occur  when the store to load dependencies are inconsistent. We present DMDP (Dynamic Memory …
A workload characterization of the SPEC CPU2017 benchmark suite | A Limaye, T Adegbija - 2018 IEEE International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—The Standard Performance Evaluation Corporation (SPEC) CPU benchmark suite  is commonly used in computer architecture research and has evolved to keep up with system  microarchitecture and compiler changes. The SPEC CPU2006 suite, which remained the …
A detailed model for contemporary GPU memory systems | M Khairy, A Jain, TM Aamodt… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In contemporary computer architecture research, simulation is commonly used to estimate  the effectiveness of a new architectural design … Our paper focuses on the simulation of  massively parallel architectures, in particular GPUs. GPUs have witnessed rapid change and a …
COTSknight: Practical defense against cache timing channel attacks using cache monitoring and partitioning technologies | F Yao, H Fang, M Doroslovački… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … attacks [42] have shown that timing channels can easily manifest on mainstream hardware,  and stress the need for hardware-based information security to be considered as a first order  design constraint in computer architecture. A number of prior works have studied how to …
Ai gauge: Runtime estimation for deep learning in the cloud | P Dube, T Suk, C Wang - 2019 31st International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Major cloud providers, including IBM Cloud, Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and  Google Cloud, offer services to train, debug, store, and deploy machine learning models at  scale. For enhanced user experience in SLA-driven control, cost effective budgeting, elastic …
Tfe: Energy-efficient transferred filter-based engine to compress and accelerate convolutional neural networks | H Mo, L Liu, W Hu, W Zhu, Q Li, A Li… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To fully reap the benefits of the above hardware-friendly techniques, we further develop a  highly flexible hardware architecture to support … Then, we compare our proposed TFE with  other modern architectures for the transferred networks. For example, when compared with Eye…
Restructuring batch normalization to accelerate CNN training | W Jung, D Jung, B Kim, S Lee… - … of Machine Learning …, 2019 - proceedings.mlsys.org | Batch Normalization (BN) has become a core design block of modern Convolutional Neural  Networks (CNNs). A typical modern CNN has a large number of BN layers in its lean and  deep architecture. BN requires mean and variance calculations over each mini-batch during …
An edge computing architecture in the Internet of Things | CM Fernández, MD Rodríguez… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, an edge computing architecture is presented to overcome these challenges.  The archi… CoAP architecture provides an IoT and cloud computing architecture enabling the  consumption, processing, and analysis of large amounts of data. Nevertheless, this architecture …
Co-ML: a case for Co llaborative ML acceleration using near-data processing | S Aga, N Jayasena, M Ignatowski - … of the International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … While the choice of a specific NDP architecture is a key factor which dictates the benefit for  our proposed approach, in this work, we … for the class of architectures which harness NDP  and not to show the overall optimality of one particular NDP architecture. Consequently, we first …
Towards efficient microarchitectural design for accelerating unsupervised gan-based deep learning | M Song, J Zhang, H Chen, T Li - … IEEE International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recently, deep learning based approaches have emerged as indispensable tools to perform  big data analytics. Normally, deep learning models are first trained with a supervised method  and then deployed to execute various tasks. The supervised method involves extensive …
Understanding reuse, performance, and hardware cost of dnn dataflow: A data-centric approach | H Kwon, P Chatarasi, M Pellauer, A Parashar… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The data partitioning and scheduling strategies used by DNN accelerators to leverage reuse  and perform staging are known as dataflow, which directly impacts the performance and  energy efficiency of DNN accelerators. An accelerator micro architecture dictates the dataflow (s…
Cudaadvisor: Llvm-based runtime profiling for modern gpus | D Shen, SL Song, A Li, X Liu - … of the 2018 International Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | General-purpose GPUs have been widely utilized to accelerate parallel applications. Given  a relatively complex programming model and fast architecture evolution, producing efficient  GPU code is nontrivial. A variety of simulation and profiling tools have been developed to aid …
GraphR: Accelerating graph processing using ReRAM | L Song, Y Zhuo, X Qian, H Li… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Graph processing recently received intensive interests in light of a wide range of needs to  understand relationships. It is well-known for the poor locality and high memory bandwidth  requirement. In conventional architectures, they incur a significant amount of data movements …
An overview of in-memory processing with emerging non-volatile memory for data-intensive applications | B Li, B Yan, H Li - Proceedings of the 2019 on Great Lakes Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on High-performance parallel and  distributed computing, pages 85–98. ACM, 2014. [… of crossbar resistive memory architectures.  In 2015 IEEE 21st International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA)…
Memory hierarchy for web search | G Ayers, JH Ahn, C Kozyrakis… - … Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Online data-intensive services, such as search, serve billions of users, utilize millions of cores,  and comprise a significant and growing portion of datacenter-scale workloads. However,  the complexity of these workloads and their proprietary nature has precluded detailed …
Multiple Linear Regression Based on Stream Homomorphic Encryption Computing | YZ Zhang, Y Liu, CL Chung, CH Chen… - 2020 International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—This study proposes a multiple linear regression architecture based on stream  homomorphic encryption computing to analyze … This study designs and implements the  architecture of decentralized computing system to assign tasks to several node devices for …
Automatic selection of sparse triangular linear system solvers on GPUS through machine learning techniques | E Dufrechou, P Ezzatti… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The solution of sparse triangular linear systems is often the most time-consuming stage of  preconditioned iterative methods to solve general sparse linear systems, where it has to be  applied several times for the same sparse matrix. For this reason, its computational …
Bit fusion: Bit-level dynamically composable architecture for accelerating deep neural network | H Sharma, J Park, N Suda, L Lai… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Hardware acceleration of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) aims to tame their enormous compute  intensity. Fully realizing the potential of acceleration in this domain requires understanding  and leveraging algorithmic properties of DNNs. This paper builds upon the algorithmic …
Enabling scientific computing on memristive accelerators | B Feinberg, UKR Vengalam, N Whitehair… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Linear algebra is ubiquitous across virtually every field of science and engineering, from  climate modeling to macroeconomics. This ubiquity makes linear algebra a prime candidate  for hardware acceleration, which can improve both the run time and the energy efficiency of a …
t-SNE-CUDA: GPU-Accelerated t-SNE and its Applications to Modern Data | DM Chan, R Rao, F Huang… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Modern datasets and models are notoriously difficult to explore and analyze due to their  inherent high dimensionality and massive numbers of samples. Existing visualization methods  which employ dimensionality reduction to two or three dimensions are often inefficient and/or …
Manna: An accelerator for memory-augmented neural networks | JR Stevens, A Ranjan, D Das, B Kaul… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … ScaleDeep: A Scalable Compute Architecture for Learning and Evaluating Deep Networks.  In Proceedings of the International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA ’17). ACM,  New York, NY, USA, 13–26. https://doi.org/10.1145/3079856.3080244 [35] Zhisheng Wang, …
Efficient multi-GPU shared memory via automatic optimization of fine-grained transfers | H Muthukrishnan, D Nellans, D Lustig… - … Annual International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Despite continuing research into inter-GPU communication mechanisms, extracting  performance from multi-GPU systems remains a significant challenge. Inter-GPU communication  via bulk DMA-based transfers exposes data transfer latency on the GPU’s critical execution path …
Rethinking cycle accurate DRAM simulation | S Li, RS Verdejo, P Radojković, B Jacob - … the International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Architecture simulation is an essential method for researching and developing new  architectures and systems. Cycle-accurate simulation has been seen as the necessity for  simulation accuracy. In recent years, however, the proliferation of many-core systems changed the …
Efficient load value prediction using multiple predictors and filters | R Sheikh, D Hower - 2019 IEEE International Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Value prediction [1], [2] has the potential to break through the performance limitations imposed  by true data dependencies. Aggressive value predictors can deliver significant performance  improvements, but usually require large hardware budgets. While predicting values of all …
Architecturally-independent and time-based characterization of SPEC CPU 2017 | M Hassan, CH Park… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Characterizing the memory behaviour of SPEC CPU benchmarks is critical to analyze  bottlenecks in the execution. Unfortunately, most prior characterizations are tied to a particular  system (eg, via performance counters, fixed configurations) and missing important time-based …
Asmdb: understanding and mitigating front-end stalls in warehouse-scale computers | G Ayers, NP Nagendra, DI August, HK Cho… - … Computer Architecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The large instruction working sets of private and public cloud workloads lead to frequent  instruction cache misses and costs in the millions of dollars. While prior work has identified the  growing importance of this problem, to date, there has been little analysis of where the misses …
Resunet++: An advanced architecture for medical image segmentation | D Jha, PH Smedsrud, MA Riegler… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Towards developing a fully automated model for pixel-wise polyp segmentation, we propose  ResUNet++, which is an improved ResUNet architecture for colonoscopic image segmentation.  Our experimental evaluations show that the suggested architecture produces good …
A short survey at the intersection of reliability and security in processor architecture designs | L Bu, M Mark, MA Kinsy - … Annual Symposium on VLSI (ISVLSI), 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … discuss (1) principal reliability approaches - error correction code, modular redundancy, (2)  processor architecture specific reliability, (3) major secure processor architectures. We also  highlight key features of a small representative class of the secure and reliable architectures. …
FireSim: FPGA-accelerated cycle-exact scale-out system simulation in the public cloud | S Karandikar, H Mao, D Kim, D Biancolin… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present FireSim, an open-source simulation platform that enables cycle-exact  microarchitectural simulation of large scale-out clusters by combining FPGA-accelerated simulation  of silicon-proven RTL designs with a scalable, distributed network simulation. Unlike prior FPGA…
Diffy: A Déjà vu-free differential deep neural network accelerator | M Mahmoud, K Siu, A Moshovos - … International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We show that Deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) implementations of computational  imaging tasks exhibit spatially correlated values. We exploit this correlation to reduce the  amount of computation, communication, and storage needed to execute such CNNs by …
SATORI: Efficient and Fair Resource Partitioning by Sacrificing Short-Term Benefits for Long-Term Gains* | RB Roy, T Patel, D Tiwari - … Annual International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Multi-core architectures have enabled data centers to increasingly co-locate multiple jobs to  improve resource utilization and lower the operational cost. Unfortunately, naively co-locating  multiple jobs may lead to only a modest increase in system throughput. Worse, some users …
NDA: Preventing speculative execution attacks at their source | O Weisse, I Neal, K Loughlin, TF Wenisch… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Speculative execution attacks like Meltdown and Spectre work by accessing secret data in  wrong-path execution. Secrets are then transmitted and recovered by the attacker via a covert  channel. Existing mitigations either require code modifications, address only specific exploit …
Asymmetric resilience: Exploiting task-level idempotency for transient error recovery in accelerator-based systems | J Leng, A Buyuktosunoglu, R Bertran… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … systems via hardware-software co-design, coupling an efficient architecture design with  compiler and run-time support, to cope with transient … Using GPUs, which are at the fore-front  of accelerator systems, we demonstrate how our system architecture manages reliability in both …
Understanding the Impact of Socket Density in Density Optimized Servers | M Arora, M Skach, W Huang, X An… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The increasing demand for computational power has led to the creation and deployment of  large-scale data centers. During the last few years, data centers have seen improvements  aimed at increasing computational density - the amount of throughput that can be achieved …
ThunderGP: HLS-based graph processing framework on fpgas | X Chen, H Tan, Y Chen, B He, WF Wong… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … [12] presented aggressive pipeline architecture to enable HLS to efficiently handle irregular  applications. For performance tuning, Wang et al… In 2017 29th International Symposium on  Computer Architecture and High Performance Computing (SBAC-PAD), pages 137–144. IEEE, …
Energy aware virtual machine scheduling in data centers | Y Qiu, C Jiang, Y Wang, D Ou, Y Li, J Wan - Energies, 2019 - mdpi.com | … In Proceedings of the 40th Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture, Tel-Aviv,  Israel, 23–27 June 2013; pp. 96–107. [… In Proceedings of the 2014 ACM/IEEE 41st International  Symposium on Computer Architecture, Minneapolis, Minnesota, 14–18 June 2014; pp…
Analyzing and mitigating the impact of permanent faults on a systolic array based neural network accelerator | JJ Zhang, T Gu, K Basu, S Garg - … 36th VLSI Test Symposium  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we use the TPU architecture from Google as the baseline design, but our  proposed techniques can apply to any systolic array based DNN accelerators. In the rest of the  paper, we will use TPU to refer to the general class of systolic array based DNN accelerators. …
Dynamically scheduled high-level synthesis | L Josipović, R Ghosal, P Ienne - … ACM/SIGDA International Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … The situation is essentially the same as in computer architecture between Very-Long Instruction  Word (VLIW) processors and dynamically scheduled superscalar processors; the former  display the best performance per cost in highly regular embedded applications, but general …
Accpar: Tensor partitioning for heterogeneous deep learning accelerators | L Song, F Chen, Y Zhuo, X Qian, H Li… - … Computer Architecture …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep neural network (DNN) accelerators as an example of domain-specific architecture  have demonstrated great success in DNN inference. However, the architecture acceleration  for equally important DNN training has not yet been fully studied. With data forward, error …
Revisiting rowhammer: An experimental analysis of modern dram devices and mitigation techniques | JS Kim, M Patel, AG Yağlıkçı, H Hassan… - … Annual International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The RowHammer vulnerability has since garnered significant interest in both computer  architecture and computer security research communities because it stems from physical  circuit-level interference effects that worsen with continued DRAM density scaling. As DRAM …
A survey of coarse-grained reconfigurable architecture and design: Taxonomy, challenges, and applications | L Liu, J Zhu, Z Li, Y Lu, Y Deng, J Han, S Yin… - ACM Computing …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Consequently, computer architecture designers have to shift their focus from performance  to energy efficiency. However, flexibility has also become an important consideration in circuit  design. As software is evolving rapidly with emerging applications, user needs, and scientific …
HoneyWiN: Novel honeycomb-based wireless NoC architecture in many-core era | R Afsharmazayejani, F Yazdanpanah, A Rezaei… - International Symposium …, 2018 - Springer | … Then, we propose HoneyWiN, a hybrid reconfigurable wireless NoC architecture that relies  on the honeycomb topology. The simulation results show that on average HoneyWiN saves  17% of energy consumption while increases the network throughput by 10% compared to its …
Estimation of energy consumption in machine learning | E García-Martín, CF Rodrigues, G Riley… - Journal of Parallel and …, 2019 - Elsevier | … approaches from the computer architecture community (Section 4). We synthesize and  classify the papers into high-level taxonomy categories (Section 3) and modeling techniques to  enable a user from the machine learning or computer architecture community to decide which …
Fast, small, and area-time efficient architectures for key-exchange on curve25519 | MB Niasar, R El Khatib, R Azarderakhsh… - … 27th Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper presents three different performance level designs including lightweight, area-time  efficient, and high-performance architectures. … architecture uses well scheduled interleaved  multiplication combined with a reduction algorithm. Additionally, we offer a fast architecture …
Enabling efficient network service function chain deployment on heterogeneous server platform | Y Hu, T Li - … International Symposium on High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We present the system architecture in Figure 9. The NFCompass runtime consists of three critical  components, the SFC orchestrator… architecture for virtualized networN Function Deployment:  implications and implementations," in proceedings of the 49th international symposium …
VIP: A versatile inference processor | S Hurkat, JF Martínez - 2019 IEEE International Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present Versatile Inference Processor (VIP), a highly programmable architecture for  machine learning inference. VIP consists of 128 lightweight processing engines employing a  vector processing paradigm, with a simple ISA and carefully chosen microarchitecture features. …
MDACache: Caching for multi-dimensional-access memories | S George, MJ Liao, H Jiang, JB Kotra… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this work, we use vectorization as is, except that since our architecture allows column-wise  reads in one shot, we apply vectorization in the column direction as well in the row direction.  In contrast, in state-ofthe-art compilers, vectorization is not usually used in columnwise …
Classification of skin lesions using an ensemble of deep neural networks | B Harangi, A Baran, A Hajdu - 2018 40th annual international …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Since our framework is realized within a single neural net architecture, all the parameters  of … the official test database of the IEEE International Symposium on Biomedical Imaging (ISBI) …  2017 international symposium on biomedical imaging (isbi), hosted by the international skin …
Packaging Renaissance with Chiplets | M BHAGAVAT - International Symposium on …, 2019 - meridian.allenpress.com | With ever shrinking advanced CMOS nodes and evolution of systems with increasing  complexity, the traditional SoC paradigm is facing extensive challenges in terms of yields and  heterogeneity. The emerging industry solution to this has been to partition the SoCs into smaller …
Deepstore: In-storage acceleration for intelligent queries | VS Mailthody, Z Qureshi, W Liang, Z Feng… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We show the DeepStore architecture in Figure 3. DeepStore exploits the internal  parallelism of the SSD and places the accelerator at three levels: the SSD-level, channel-level  and chip-level as shown by (❶), (❷) and (❸) in Figure 3, respectively. DeepStore executes a …
Towards a Transprecision Polymorphic Floating-Point Unit for Mixed-Precision Computing | A Carvalho, R Azevedo - 2019 31st International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Mixed-precision is a paradigm that tries to combine computations with different levels of  precision to compose results. This approach has been used extensively to optimize scientific  applications and has shown speed and energy gains, without causing any relevant precision …
Hypar: Towards hybrid parallelism for deep learning accelerator array | L Song, J Mao, Y Zhuo, X Qian, H Li… - … Computer Architecture …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We apply this method in an HMC-based DNN training architecture with an array of sixteen  accelerators organized in four hierarchical levels and minimize the data movement. Based on  the architecture, we evaluate HYPAR with ten DNN models from classic Lenet to large-size …
Efficient and effective sparse LSTM on FPGA with bank-balanced sparsity | S Cao, C Zhang, Z Yao, W Xiao, L Nie, D Zhan… - … /SIGDA International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In the center of Figure 5, we show the detailed architecture of a PE. Each PE contains a  private vector buffer (PVB) to buffer the dense vector being multiplied, because vector elements  are randomly accessed multiple times for all matrix rows in SpMxV. The PE computes the dot …
Design of reliable DNN accelerator with un-reliable ReRAM | Y Long, X She, S Mukhopadhyay - 2019 Design, Automation & …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents an algorithmic approach to design reliable ReRAM based Processing-in-Memory  (PIM) architecture for Deep Neural Network (DNN) acceleration under intrinsic stochastic  behavior of ReRAM devices. We employ the dynamical fixed point (DFP) data …
STONNE: Enabling Cycle-Level Microarchitectural Simulation for DNN Inference Accelerators | F Muñoz-Martínez, JL Abellán… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In the first one, we perform a direct comparison between TPU, MAERI and SIGMA type  inference architectures running the seven DNN … for compressed-sparse convolutional neural  networks,” International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA), pp. 27–40, Jun. 2017. …
Using SMT to accelerate nested virtualization | L Vilanova, N Amit, Y Etsion - … International Symposium on Computer …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … To complete our design we extend the existing SMT architecture to allow a hardware  context running a hypervisor to directly manipulate the register set of a colocated hardware  context that runs a subordinate VM. This feature provides a fast path for a common scenario …
The IEEE 754-2019 Compatibility of the Binary Coded Chiliad (BCC) Encoding | M Dorrigiv - … International Symposium on Computer Architecture …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The IEEE 754-2019 standard for decimal floating-point arithmetic includes the densely  packed decimal (DPD) encoding for secondary and primary storage of three binary coded  decimal (BCD) digits. Equi-efficient packing can be achieved via binary coded chiliad (BCC) …
Plasma modified silicon nitride resistive switching memories | P Karakolis, P Normand, P Dimitrakis… - … Architectures  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this article we present RRAM single-cells based on MIS devices utilizing LPCVD silicon  nitride thin layer as resistive switching material. The thin SiN layer was modified by plasma in  order to improve the switching characteristics and the overall performance of the memory cell…
Modeling deep learning accelerator enabled gpus | MA Raihan, N Goli, TM Aamodt - … IEEE International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The efficacy of deep learning has resulted in its use in a growing number of applications. The  Volta graphics processor unit (GPU) architecture from NVIDIA introduced a specialized  functional unit, the “tensor core”, that helps meet the growing demand for higher performance for …
A Highly Efficient SGEMM Implementation using DMA on the Intel/Movidius Myriad-2 | S Bakshi, L Johnsson - … International Symposium on Computer …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Reducing energy consumption and achieving high energy efficiency in computation has  become the top priority in High Performance Computing. High energy efficiency generally  requires high resource utilization since energy demand for any applications and architectures is …
Prediction based execution on deep neural networks | M Song, J Zhao, Y Hu, J Zhang… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recently, deep neural network based approaches have emerged as indispensable tools in  many fields, ranging from image and video recognition to natural language processing.  However, the large size of such newly developed networks poses both throughput and energy …
Qasmbench: A low-level qasm benchmark suite for nisq evaluation and simulation | A Li, S Stein, S Krishnamoorthy, J Ang - arXiv preprint arXiv:2005.13018, 2020 - arxiv.org | … To close the gap between practical quantum applications and real quantum machines,  contributions from the computer system and architecture community are undoubtedly necessary  in tacking several grant challenges [24], including software and hardware verification [84, 107]…
A deep learning inference accelerator based on model compression on fpga | L Jing, J Liu, FH Yu - … of the 2019 ACM/SIGDA International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Convolutional neural networks (CNN) have demonstrated state-of-the-art accuracy in image  classification and object detection owing to the increase in data and computation capacity of  hardware. However, this state-of-the-art achievement depends heavily on the DSP floating-…
Global Distributed Associative Environment-Evolution of Parallel Dataflow Computing System “Buran” | AD Ivannikov, NN Levchenko… - … & Test Symposium  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this article, a new architecture for the parallel dataflow computing system is proposed - a  global distributed associative environment. The concept of the computing system organization  is described, which consists in dividing the system into associative computational cores, …
Computation reuse in DNNs by exploiting input similarity | M Riera, JM Arnau, A González - … International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We extend the architecture of a state-of-the-art DNN accelerator to buffer the outputs of the  different layers and reuse them for the next … • We propose a novel DNN architecture that  computes the output of fully-connected, convolutional and recurrent layers by exploiting the …
Fixynn: Efficient hardware for mobile computer vision via transfer learning | PN Whatmough, C Zhou, P Hansen… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … The CNN model architecture we use in this work is MobileNetV1 (Howard et al.… 2017),  which is an efficient model designed for mobile computer vision. MobileNet exploits the  efficient depth-wise separable convolution layer, which is composed of M 3 × 3 × 1 depth-wise …
ReBNet: Residual binarized neural network | M Ghasemzadeh, M Samragh… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper proposes ReBNet, an end-to-end framework for training reconfigurable binary  neural networks on software and developing efficient accelerators for execution on FPGA.  Binary neural networks offer an intriguing opportunity for deploying large-scale deep learning …
In-memory data parallel processor | D Fujiki, S Mahlke, R Das - ACM SIGPLAN Notices, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Our goal is to design an architecture, establish the programming semantics and execution  models, and develop a compiler, to expose the … a processor architecture that re-purposes  resistive memory to support data-parallel in-memory computation. In the proposed architecture, …
Shifting the barrier: extending the boundaries of the barrierpoint methodology | MT Cruz, S Bischoff, R Rusitoru - … IEEE International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To evaluate the extended methodology we adopt the crossarchitectural workflow from [7],  which considers both x86_64 and ARMv8 architectures with and without vector optimisations,  using different estimation error metrics such as cycles, instructions, L1 and L2 data cache …
Serving dnns in real time at datacenter scale with project brainwave | E Chung, J Fowers, K Ovtcharov, M Papamichael… - iEEE Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | To meet the computational demands required of deep learning, cloud operators are turning  toward specialized hardware for improved efficiency and performance. Project Brainwave,  Microsofts principal infrastructure for AI serving in real time, accelerates deep neural network (…
Reinforcement learning based interconnection routing for adaptive traffic optimization | SC Kao, CHH Yang, PY Chen, X Ma… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Applying Machine Learning (ML) techniques to design and optimize computer architectures  is a promising research direction. Optimizing the runtime performance of a Networkon-Chip  (NoC) necessitates a continuous learning framework. In this work, we demonstrate the …
Difftune: Optimizing cpu simulator parameters with learned differentiable surrogates | A Renda, Y Chen, C Mendis… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … These simulators are used for a variety of applications: • gem5 [1] is a detailed, extensible  full system simulator that is frequently used for computer architecture research, to model the  interaction of new or modified components with the rest of a CPU and memory system. • IACA [3…
The alberta workloads for the spec cpu 2017 benchmark suite | JN Amaral, E Borin, DR Ashley… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper aims to improve the performance evaluation of computer systems — including  compilers, computer architecture simulation, and operating-system prototypes — that rely on  the industrystandard SPEC CPU benchmark suite. A main concern with the use of this suite in …
A framework for the analysis of throughput-constraints of snns on neuromorphic hardware | A Balaji, A Das - … IEEE Computer Society Annual Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … neuromorphic architecture using the average spiking time of a crossbar over a fixed time period.  Next, we model the hardware architecture … , “NEUTRAMS: Neural network transformation  and co-design under neuromorphic hardware constraints,” in International Symposium on …
Deep CNNs for microscopic image classification by exploiting transfer learning and feature concatenation | LD Nguyen, D Lin, Z Lin, J Cao - … IEEE International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we propose a novel deep neural network architecture based on transfer learning  for microscopic image classification. In our … In the experiments on both the 2D-Hela and the  PAP-smear datasets, our proposed network architecture produces significant performance …
V-Net Light-Parameter-Efficient 3-D Convolutional Neural Network for Prostate MRI Segmentation | O Yaniv, O Portnoy, A Talmon, N Kiryati… - … 17th International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we propose a novel 3-D architecture that minimizes the size of the network,  ie the number of parameters in the model. The … In this paper, we proposed a novel 3-D  architecture that is particularly efficient in terms of parameters, memory and FLOPs for 3-D …
Automated GPU grid geometry selection for OpenMP kernels | T Lloyd, A Chikin, S Kedia, D Jain… - … Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Modern supercomputers are increasingly using GPUs to improve performance per watt.  Generating GPU code for target regions in openMP 4.0, or later versions, requires the selection  of grid geometry to execute the GPU kernel. Existing industrial-strength compilers use a …
Energy-efficient MFCC extraction architecture in mixed-signal domain for automatic speech recognition | Q Li, H Zhu, F Qiao, X Liu, Q Wei… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper proposes a novel processing architecture to extract Mel-Frequency Cepstrum  Coefficients (MFCC) for automatic speech recognition. Inspired by the human ear, the  energy-efficient analog-domain information processing is adopted to replace the energy-intensive …
A comparative study of deep learning architectures on melanoma detection | SH Kassani, PH Kassani - Tissue and Cell, 2019 - Elsevier | … The objective of this study is to apply the state-of-the-art deep learning architectures on  dermoscopic images to classify skin lesions. … To compare the performance of the DCNNs  architectures for skin lesions prediction task, we employ various standard evaluation metrics such as …
Understanding the limitations of existing energy-efficient design approaches for deep neural networks | Y Chen, TJ Yang, J Emer, V Sze - Energy, 2018 - mlsys.org | … In recent years, researchers have approached this objective from both the algorithm and  hardware architecture perspective. When … In Proceedings of the 44th Annual International  Symposium on Computer Architecture. ACM, 1–12. [10] Alex Krizhevsky, Ilya Sutskever, …
KPart: A hybrid cache partitioning-sharing technique for commodity multicores | N El-Sayed, A Mukkara, PA Tsai… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Cache partitioning is now available in commercial hardware. In theory, software can leverage  cache partitioning to use the last-level cache better and improve performance. In practice,  however, current systems implement way-partitioning, which offers a limited number of …
Computer vision algorithms and hardware implementations: A survey | X Feng, Y Jiang, X Yang, M Du, X Li - Integration, 2019 - Elsevier | The field of computer vision is experiencing a great-leap-forward development today. This  paper aims at providing a comprehensive survey of the recent progress on computer vision  algorithms and their corresponding hardware implementations. In particular, the prominent …
Doubleu-net: A deep convolutional neural network for medical image segmentation | D Jha, MA Riegler, D Johansen… - … 33rd International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To improve the performance of U-Net on various segmentation tasks, we propose a novel  architecture called DoubleU-Net, which is a combination of two U-Net architectures stacked  on top of each other. The first U-Net uses a pre-trained VGG-19 as the encoder, which has …
Recent advances in efficient computation of deep convolutional neural networks | J Cheng, P Wang, G Li, Q Hu, H Lu - arXiv preprint arXiv:1802.00939, 2018 - arxiv.org | … One property is that the network architecture is not changed. Another parallel line of inquiry for  network acceleration and compression is to … tal neuromorphic architecture with high-density  3d memory. In International Symposium on Computer Architecture, pages 380–392, 2016. …
Nachos: Software-driven hardware-assisted memory disambiguation for accelerators | N Vedula, A Shriraman, S Kumar… - … Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Hardware accelerators have relied on the compiler to extract instruction parallelism but may  waste significant energy in enforcing memory ordering and discovering memory parallelism.  Accelerators tend to either serialize memory operations [43] or reuse power hungry load-…
Deep learning for skin cancer diagnosis with hierarchical architectures | C Barata, JS Marques - … IEEE 16th International Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Moreover, the deep learning revolution [6] has also played a role, with the proposal of  increasingly deeper and better convolutional architectures (… Section 2 gives an overview of CNN  architectures in skin cancer diagnosis, Section 3 introduces the hierarchical architectures, and …
{COMA}: Communication and Obfuscation Management Architecture | KZ Azar, F Farahmand, HM Kamali… - 22nd International …, 2019 - usenix.org | … In this paper, we propose the COMA key-management and communication architecture for  secure activation of obfuscated circuits that are … Both variants of the proposed architecture  are evaluated in this Section. The security of the proposed architecture against various attacks …
Nanoscale resistive switching devices for memory and computing applications | SH Lee, X Zhu, WD Lu - Nano Research, 2020 - Springer | … In Proceedings of 2016 ACM/IEEE 43rd Annual International Symposium on Computer  Architecture, Seoul, South Korea, 2016, pp 14–26. … +: An integrated device-to-algorithm  framework for benchmarking synaptic devices and array architectures. In Proceedings of 2017 IEEE …
Attention u-net based adversarial architectures for chest x-ray lung segmentation | G Gaál, B Maga, A Lukács - arXiv preprint arXiv:2003.10304, 2020 - arxiv.org | … So far we have not experimented with the architecture of the critic network, we found the  performance of the architecture in [4] completely satisfying. However, it would be desirable to  carry out further tests in this direction in order to achieve better understanding of the role of …
Efficient FPGA floorplanning for partial reconfiguration-based applications | N Deak, O Cret, H Hedesiu - … Annual International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper introduces an efficient automatic floorplanning algorithm, which takes into account  the heterogeneous architectures of modern FPGA families, as well as partial reconfiguration  (PR) constraints, introducing the aspect ratio (AR) constraint to optimize routing. The …
Comparative study of clustering distance measures to determine neural network architectures | ML Tej, S Holban - 2018 IEEE 12th International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, the optimal Neural Network Architecture depends mainly on the accuracy of the  results … architecture with 2 hidden layers and 23 hidden neurons as the optimal architecture  for Glass Identification dataset. The percentage of classification accuracy for this architecture …
Indoor thermal comfort environment monitoring system based on architecture of IoT | WT Sung, JA Shih - … International Symposium on Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This study uses Arduino UNO as a development substrate to set up sensing nodes for indoor  environments. It uses ESP8266 for wirelessly transmit data to the terminal devices. Through  the C# human-machine interface monitoring data, the controllable load is controlled by …
Ppt-gpu: Performance prediction toolkit for gpus identifying the impact of caches | Y Arafa, AHA Badawy, G Chennupati, N Santhi… - … of the International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We also introduce our ongoing work, PPT-GPU, a simulation tool that enables GPU code  developers and architect to test new algorithms in a fast, scalable, and accurate-enough way  by predicting the performance of CUDA applications under different GPU based architectures. …
On-chip memory optimized CNN accelerator with efficient partial-sum accumulation | H Xu, J Shiomi, H Onodera - … of the 2020 on Great Lakes Symposium on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … quantitatively the similarities and differences between the proposed architecture and ISC  architecture under 2D CONV conditions. … Considering the number of register accesses, ISC  and proposed architecture both use weight stationary architecture, thus the number of visits to …
Duplicon cache: mitigating off-chip memory bank and bank group conflicts via data duplication | B Lin, MB Healy, R Miftakhutdinov… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Bank and bank group conflicts are major performance bottlenecks for memory intensive  workloads. Idealized experiments show removing bank and bank group conflicts collectively  can improve performance by up to 37.5% and by 22.5% on average for our mix of multi-…
Ganax: A unified mimd-simd acceleration for generative adversarial networks | A Yazdanbakhsh, K Samadi, NS Kim… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are one of the most recent deep learning models  that generate synthetic data from limited genuine datasets. GANs are on the frontier as further  extension of deep learning into many domains (eg, medicine, robotics, content synthesis) …
Efficient and fair multi-programming in GPUs via effective bandwidth management | H Wang, F Luo, M Ibrahim, O Kayiran… - … Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Managing the thread-level parallelism (TLP) of GPGPU applications by limiting it to a certain  degree is known to be effective in improving the overall performance. However, we find that  such prior techniques can lead to sub-optimal system throughput and fairness when two or …
Big data service architecture: a survey | J Wang, Y Yang, T Wang, RS Sherratt… - Journal of Internet …, 2020 - jit.ndhu.edu.tw | … In the field of Internet of things, data collection technology of wireless sensor network and  data processing algorithm of big data can realize practical applications such as Internet of  vehicles, novel computer architectures, Indoor localization and road anomaly detection [87-96]. …
The Impact of SoC Integration and OS Deployment on the Reliability of Arm Processors | P Bodmann, G Papadimitriou… - … IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Arm CPU architectures, thanks to their efficiency and flexibility, have been widely adopted in  portable user devices such as smartphones, tablets, and laptops. Recently, the high computing  efficiency, together with the unique possibility that Arm offers to adapt the architecture for …
Architectural support for probabilistic branches | A Adileh, DJ Lilja, L Eeckhout - … /ACM International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | A plethora of research efforts have focused on fine-tuning branch predictors to increasingly  higher levels of accuracy. However, several important optimization, financial, and statistical  data analysis algorithms rely on probabilistic computation. These applications draw random …
ISA-DTMR: selective protection in configurable heterogeneous multicores | AG Erichsen, AL Sartor, JD Souza, MM Pereira… - International Symposium …, 2018 - Springer | … By using heterogeneous multicore configurations composed of configurable processors  that implement the same Instruction Set Architecture (ISA), we will show that it is possible to  adapt the level of protection for each application according to its reliability requirements. When …
Towards a single-host many-GPU system | MH Chen, IH Chung, B Abali… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | As computation-intensive tasks such as deep learning and big data analysis take advantage  of GPU based accelerators, the interconnection links may become a bottleneck. In this paper,  we investigate the upcoming performance bottleneck of multi-accelerator systems, as the …
Learning to detect fake face images in the wild | CC Hsu, CY Lee, YX Zhuang - 2018 International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Besides, the proposed DeepFD can further localize unrealistic details of the fake image  based on a fully convolutional architecture. Our … The details of network architectures in D1 and  D2 are respectively described in Table I. Note, the classifier D2 is directly concatenated to the …
Using pareto optimum to choose module's computing platforms of mobile robot with modular architecture | V Andreev, V Kim, P Pletenev - … DAAAM International Symposium, 2018 - researchgate.net | This paper tries to address a sufficiently complex task–choice of module’s computing  platform for implementation of information-measuring and control system (IMCS) of full-functional  modules of mobile robot with modular architecture. The full functionality of a mechatronic …
Optimal partitioning of LLC in CAT-enabled CPUs to prevent side-channel attacks | U Fiore, A Florea, A Gellert, L Vintan… - International Symposium …, 2018 - Springer | … More generally, these bugs show us that we haven’t understood in sufficient depth some  fundamental computer architecture concepts like temporal/spatial/value locality, prediction and  speculation, concurrency and parallelism, virtualization, and so on. Such vulnerabilities are …
Skippynn: An embedded stochastic-computing accelerator for convolutional neural networks | R Hojabr, K Givaki, SMR Tayaranian… - 2019 56th ACM/IEEE …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In particular, multiplication as the main operation in convolution computation, is an extremely  time-consuming operation which hampers employing SC methods in designing embedded  CNNs.In this work, we propose a novel architecture, called SkippyNN, that reduces the …
Integration of a cloud-based realistic and automatic coverage estimation methodology in Metric SaaS | D Fernandes, G Soares, D Clemente… - … 22nd International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The quality of service offered to customers is a concern of telecommunications providers.  With this concern, the providers keep a constant monitorization on their networks so that they  can immediately fix any network problems. This paper presents the cloud implementation of a …
Syndrome: Spectral analysis for anomaly detection on medical iot and embedded devices | N Sehatbakhsh, M Alam, A Nazari… - … IEEE international …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recent advances in embedded and IoT (internet-of-things) technologies are rapidly  transforming health-care solutions and we are headed to a future of smaller, smarter, wearable  and connected medical devices. IoT and advanced health sensors provide more convenience to …
Balancing load of GPU subsystems to accelerate image reconstruction in parallel beam tomography | S Chilingaryan, E Ametova… - … 30th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Synchrotron X-ray imaging is a powerful method to investigate internal structures down to  the micro and nanoscopic scale. Fast cameras recording thousands of frames per second  allow time-resolved studies with a high temporal resolution. Fast image reconstruction is …
Domino temporal data prefetcher | M Bakhshalipour, P Lotfi-Kamran… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Big-data server applications frequently encounter data misses, and hence, lose significant  performance potential. One way to reduce the number of data misses or their effect is data  prefetching. As data accesses have high temporal correlations, temporal prefetching techniques …
Specshield: Shielding speculative data from microarchitectural covert channels | K Barber, A Bacha, L Zhou, Y Zhang… - … Parallel Architectures …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Hardware security has recently re-surfaced as a first-order concern to the confidentiality protections  of computing systems. Meltdown and Spectre introduced a new class of microarchitectural  exploits which leverage transient state as an attack vector, revealing fundamental …
Saga-bench: Software and hardware characterization of streaming graph analytics workloads | A Basak, J Lin, R Lorica, X Xie, Z Chishti… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Third, we perform workload characterization at the architecture level. Our study reveals that  the graph update phase exhibits lower utilization of architecture resources than the compute  phase. Furthermore, the hardware resource utilization of the update phase strongly depends …
Cache telepathy: Leveraging shared resource attacks to learn {DNN} architectures | M Yan, CW Fletcher, J Torrellas - 29th {USENIX} Security Symposium  …, 2020 - usenix.org | … Our attack is effective in helping obtain the DNN architectures by very substantially reducing  the search space of target DNN architectures. For example, when attacking the OpenBLAS  library, for the different layers in VGG-16, it reduces the search space from more than 5.4×…
modeling and verifying transaction scheduling for software transactional memory using CSP | C Xu, X Wu, H Zhu, M Popovic - 2019 International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … we also need to embed it into the model of the scheduler architecture, so the formalization of  the whole process Scheduler is much more … International symposium on computer architecture,  21(2):289–300, 1993. [3] Nir Shavit and Dan Touitou. Software transactional memory. …
Towards green scientific data compression through high-level I/O interfaces | Y Alforov, T Ludwig, A Novikova… - … 30th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Every HPC system today has to cope with a deluge of data generated by scientific  applications, simulations or large-scale experiments. The upscaling of supercomputer systems  and infrastructures, generally results in a dramatic increase of their energy consumption. In this …
Characterizing and orchestrating NFV-ready servers for efficient edge data processing | L Zhang, C Li, P Wang, Y Liu, Y Hu, Q Chen… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Rather than exploring and redefining a new type of edge architecture, we propose to unleash  the performance and capacity potential on edge equipment … There are also some works  use the characteristic of computer architecture to accelerate the packet processing such as …
Application codesign of near-data processing for similarity search | VT Lee, A Mazumdar, CC del Mundo… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Similarity search is key to a variety of applications including content-based search for images  and video, recommendation systems, data deduplication, natural language processing,  computer vision, databases, computational biology, and computer graphics. At its core, …
Semi-supervised learning for cardiac left ventricle segmentation using conditional deep generative models as prior | MH Jafari, H Girgis, AH Abdi, Z Liao… - … 16th International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this work, a small U-Net architecture [6] was chosen as the segmentation model. UNet  is a fully convolutional network (FCN) architecture for medical image segmentation, which is  considered as the stateof-the-art for various segmentation tasks. This model utilizes an …
Scalable dynamic task scheduling on adaptive many-core | V Venkataramani, A Pathania… - … 12th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … A generic adaptive many-core architecture considered in this paper comprises of n simple  base cores each with z-way issue ooo pipeline. We need to execute m tasks on this architecture.  Each of the m tasks can be assigned multiple cores for execution. A sequential single-…
High-throughput Polynomial Multiplier Architecture for Lattice-based Cryptography | T Shimada, M Ikeda - … International Symposium on Circuits and …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We propose a polynomial multiplier for lattice-based cryptography that achieves a throughput  of 24.2 times higher than the state-of-the-art design. We have optimized the proposed  architecture for ASIC implementation, instead of FPGA or CPU implementation. We employed …
Zero Directory Eviction Victim: Unbounded Coherence Directory and Core Cache Isolation | M Chaudhuri - … International Symposium on High-Performance …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | A directory structure is traditionally employed for tracking coherence information of the privately  cached blocks in a cache-coherent chip-multiprocessor (CMP). The eviction of a directory  entry necessarily invalidates the privately cached copies of the block that the evicted entry …
High-Performance Ensembles of Online Sequential Extreme Learning Machine for Regression and Time Series Forecasting | LFL Grim, ALS Gradvohl - 2018 30th International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Ensembles of Online Sequential Extreme Learning Machine algorithm are suitable for  forecasting Data Streams with Concept Drifts. Nevertheless, data streams forecasting require  high-performance implementations due to the high incoming samples rate. In this work, we …
Stratix 10 NX Architecture and Applications | M Langhammer, E Nurvitadhi, B Pasca… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … After an introduction of the Nvidia GPU architecture we highlight key differences between  the ways GPU Tensor Cores and FPGA AI … As the NX device contains different embedded  numerics, we cannot port these architectures directly while maintaining area and performance. …
Fast data delivery for many-core processors | M Bakhshalipour, P Lotfi-Kamran… - IEEE Transactions …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … His research interests expand in the area of computer architecture including memory systems,  multicore architectures, and processor … highperformance computer architecture and parallel  processing with a particular emphasis on networks-on-hip and neuromorphic architectures. …
Remote Power Attacks on the Versatile Tensor Accelerator in Multi-Tenant FPGAs | S Tian, S Moini, A Wolnikowski… - … Annual International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This work presented the first remote power attack for the extraction of machine learning  algorithm architectures in a multi-tenant FPGA setting. This attack targeted the Versatile  Tensor Accelerator which supports many neural network algorithms, and is not a model-specific …
A high-performance CNN processor based on FPGA for MobileNets | D Wu, Y Zhang, X Jia, L Tian, T Li, L Sui… - … 29th International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Convolution neural networks (CNNs) have been widely applied in the fields of computer  vision tasks. However, it is hard to deploy those standard neural networks into embedded  devices because of their large amount of operations and parameters. MobileNet, the state-of-the-…
Model-Based Safety and Assessment: 7th International Symposium, IMBSA 2020, Lisbon, Portugal, September 14-16, 2020, Proceedings | M Zeller, K Höfig - 2020 - books.google.com | This book constitutes the proceedings of the 7th International Symposium on Model-Based  Safety and Assessment, IMBSA 2020, held in Lisbon, Portugal, in September 2020. The  conference was held virtually due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The 15 revised full papers and 4 …
An In-Flash Binary Neural Network Accelerator with SLC NAND Flash Array | WH Choi, PF Chiu, W Ma, G Hemink… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Note that we do not take into account the block parallelism explained before to ensure  practicality by avoiding possibly expected challenges on ensuring read margin in SA design on  an existing SLC NAND flash architecture. We will discuss two architecture examples for BNN …
Efficient Fast Algorithm and Parallel Hardware Architecture for Intra Prediction of AVS3 | Z Cai, W Gao - … IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, an efficient intra mode decision algorithm for parallel hardware architecture of the  AVS3 intra encoder is presented. The key … prediction architecture, which is the first hardware  architecture design for intra prediction of the AVS3 encoder. We deploy this architecture …
Smilodon: An efficient accelerator for low bit-width CNNs with task partitioning | Q Chen, Y Fu, K Cheng, W Song, Z Lu… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … for low bit-width CNNs based on a parallel streaming architecture, accompanied by a novel  task partitioning strategy. The optimization … Besides, a task partitioning strategy is applied  to our parallel streaming architecture, which explains why the throughput is 15.3x larger. In …
Design guidelines for high-performance SCM hierarchies | D Ustiugov, A Daglis, J Picorel, M Sutherland… - … of the International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | With emerging storage-class memory (SCM) nearing commercialization, there is evidence that  it will deliver the much-anticipated high density and access latencies within only a few factors  of DRAM. Nevertheless, the latency-sensitive nature of memory-resident services makes …
Hardnet: A low memory traffic network | P Chao, CY Kao, YS Ruan… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … In Proceedings of the 23rd annual international symposium on Computer architecture (ISCA),  Pages 78–89, 1996. [5] Srimat Chakradhar, Murugan Sankaradas, Venkata Jakkula, and  Srihari Cadambi. A dynamically configurable coprocessor for convolutional neural networks. …
Action Recognition by 3D Convolutional Network | M Brezovský, D Sopiak… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Architecture A1 achieved accuracy 80.7%. Our results show that it is possible to achieve  relatively high accuracy using subtile architecture … We created our architectures in python 3  with frameworks Keras 2.0.8 and TensorFlow 1.3.0. The training process was performed on GPU …
Value-aware quantization for training and inference of neural networks | E Park, S Yoo, P Vajda - … Conference on Computer Vision …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | We propose a novel value-aware quantization which applies aggressively reduced precision  to the majority of data while separately handling a small amount of large data in high  precision, which reduces total quantization errors under very low precision. We present new …
Recnmp: Accelerating personalized recommendation with near-memory processing | L Ke, U Gupta, BY Cho, D Brooks… - … Annual International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Personalized recommendation systems leverage deep learning models and account for the  majority of data center AI cycles. Their performance is dominated by memory-bound sparse  embedding operations with unique irregular memory access patterns that pose a …
Dynamic and collaborative spectrum sharing: The SCATTER approach | S Giannoulis, C Donato, R Mennes… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—This paper presents the architecture and the basic principles behind the design  and implementation of the SCATTER system, a wireless end-to-end communication system  that participated in the DARPA Second Spectrum Collaboration Challenge (SC2). The focus is …
Parallelism analysis of prominent desktop applications: An 18-year perspective | S Feng, S Pal, Y Yang… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Improvements in clock speed and exploitation of Instruction-Level Parallelism (ILP) hit a  roadblock during mid-2000s. This, coupled with the demise of Dennard scaling, led to the  rise of multi-core machines. Today, multi-core processors are ubiquitous and architects have …
GRIM-Filter: Fast seed location filtering in DNA read mapping using processing-in-memory technologies | JS Kim, DS Cali, H Xin, D Lee… - BMC …, 2018 - bmcgenomics.biomedcentral.com | … Importantly, the 3D-stacked DRAM architecture enables us to fully customize the logic layer  for the acceleration of applications using … The center block shows each layer of an example  3D-stacked memory architecture, where multiple DRAM layers are stacked above a logic layer…
Apq: Joint search for network architecture, pruning and quantization policy | T Wang, K Wang, H Cai, J Lin, Z Liu… - … on Computer …, 2020 - openaccess.thecvf.com | We present APQ, a novel design methodology for efficient deep learning deployment. Unlike  previous methods that separately optimize the neural network architecture, pruning policy,  and quantization policy, we design to optimize them in a joint manner. To deal with the larger …
Seernet: Predicting convolutional neural network feature-map sparsity through low-bit quantization | S Cao, L Ma, W Xiao, C Zhang, Y Liu… - … on Computer …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | In this paper we present a novel and general method to accelerate convolutional neural  network (CNN) inference by taking advantage of feature map sparsity. We experimentally  demonstrate that a highly quantized version of the original network is sufficient in predicting the …
Wire-aware architecture and dataflow for cnn accelerators | S Gudaparthi, S Narayanan… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Architectures like Eyeriss implement large scratchpads within individual processing elements,  while architectures like TPU v1 implement large systolic arrays and large monolithic caches.  Several data movements in these prior works are therefore across long wires, and account …
Modular routing design for chiplet-based systems | J Yin, Z Lin, O Kayiran, M Poremba… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … There are many research and engineering challenges associated with chiplet-based  architectures; we focus on one specific but critical problem. … The computer architecture research  literature also reflects these trends with studies involving chiplet-like architectures using passive …
Nu3D: 3D Nuclei Segmentation from Light-Sheet Microscopy Images of the Embryonic Heart | R Sarkar, D Darby, H Foucambert… - … 18th International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In developmental biology, quantification of cellular morphological features is a critical step to  get insight into tissue morphogenesis. The efficacy of the quantification tools rely heavily on  robust segmentation techniques which can delineate individual cells/nuclei from cluttered …
Reconfigurable network-on-chip security architecture | S Charles, P Mishra - ACM Transactions on Design Automation of …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In this article, we propose a tier-based reconfigurable security architecture that can adapt to  different use-case scenarios. We explore how to design an efficient reconfigurable architecture  that can support three popular NoC security mechanisms (encryption, authentication, and …
Continuous-time analog computing circuits for solving the electromagnetic wave equation | N Udayanga, A Madanayake… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Two continuous-time mathematical computing methods are proposed for solving the  multidimensional wave equation leading to realizable analog computing circuits. The proposed  analog computing processors will potentially be able to solve a certain special classes of …
MLIR: A compiler infrastructure for the end of Moore's law | C Lattner, M Amini, U Bondhugula, A Cohen… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … (2) evaluation of MLIR as a generalized infrastructure that reduces the cost of building  compilers—describing diverse use-cases to show research and educational opportunities for  future programming languages, compilers, execution environments, and computer architecture. …
Rebooting computing: The challenges for test and reliability | A Bosio, I O'Connor, GS Rodrigues… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—Today’s computer architectures and semiconductor technologies are facing  major challenges making them incapable to deliver the required features (such as computer  efficiency) for emerging applications. Alternative architectures are being under investigation in …
AIBench: an industry standard internet service AI benchmark suite | W Gao, F Tang, L Wang, J Zhan, C Lan, C Luo… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | Today's Internet Services are undergoing fundamental changes and shifting to an intelligent  computing era where AI is widely employed to augment services. In this context, many  innovative AI algorithms, systems, and architectures are proposed, and thus the importance of …
Fpraker: A processing element for accelerating neural network training | OM Awad, M Mahmoud, I Edo, AH Zadeh… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | We present FPRaker, a processing element for composing training accelerators. FPRaker  processes several floating-point multiply-accumulation operations concurrently and accumulates  their result into a higher precision accumulator. FPRaker boosts performance and energy …
CoSpec: Compiler directed speculative intermittent computation | J Choi, Q Liu, C Jung - … 52nd Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … For low-cost yet performant intermittent computation, this paper presents CoSpec, a new  architecture/compiler co-design scheme that works for commodity in-order processors used  in energy-harvesting systems. To achieve crash consistency without requiring unconventional …
ObfusGEM: Enhancing Processor Design Obfuscation Through Security-Aware On-Chip Memory and Data Path Design | M Zuzak, A Srivastava - … International Symposium on Memory Systems, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … 5.1.2 Processor Error Resilience: Substantial computer architecture research has shown  that many ICs, especially processors, mask an overwhelming majority of module level errors  when viewed architecturally [13, 22]. For example, the work in [22] showed that over 97% of …
System evaluation of the intel optane byte-addressable nvm | IB Peng, MB Gokhale, EW Green - … of the International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Byte-addressable non-volatile memory (NVM) features high density, DRAM comparable  performance, and persistence. These characteristics position NVM as a promising new tier in  the memory hierarchy. Nevertheless, NVM has asymmetric read and write performance, and …
Ucnn: Exploiting computational reuse in deep neural networks via weight repetition | K Hegde, J Yu, R Agrawal, M Yan… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have begun to permeate all corners of electronic  society (from voice recognition to scene generation) due to their high accuracy and machine  efficiency per operation. At their core, CNN computations are made up of multi-dimensional dot …
The DRAM latency PUF: Quickly evaluating physical unclonable functions by exploiting the latency-reliability tradeoff in modern commodity DRAM devices | JS Kim, M Patel, H Hassan… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Physically Unclonable Functions (PUFs) are commonly used in cryptography to identify  devices based on the uniqueness of their physical microstructures. DRAM-based PUFs have  numerous advantages over PUF designs that exploit alternative substrates: DRAM is a major …
Near-memory computing: Past, present, and future | G Singh, L Chelini, S Corda, AJ Awan, S Stuijk… - Microprocessors and …, 2019 - Elsevier | … In this paper, we survey the prior art on NMC across various dimensions (architecture,  applications, tools, etc.) and identify the key challenges and open … We describe some of the  notable architectures in this class. All solutions discussed in this section are summarized in Table 2. …
Bridge the gap between neural networks and neuromorphic hardware with a neural network compiler | Y Ji, Y Zhang, W Chen, Y Xie - … of the Twenty-Third International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … -in-memory architecture for neural network computation in reram-based main memory. In  Proceedings of the 43rd International Symposium on Computer Architecture. IEEE … In  Proceedings of the 43rd International Symposium on Computer Architecture. IEEE Press, 255–266. …
Neuro-inspired computing chips | W Zhang, B Gao, J Tang, P Yao, S Yu, MF Chang… - Nature …, 2020 - nature.com | … Conventional computing hardware is based on a von Neumann architecture in which  processing and memory units are physically … , such as edge computing and the Internet of  Things (IoT), requires the development of new chip architectures and device technologies. …
A Survey on Vulnerabilities and Classification of Cyber-Attacks on 5G-V2X | MNE Saulaiman, M Kozlovszky… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper is organised as follows, in the first section an overview of V2X history is described  through the 3GPP standardization process, in the second section the architecture of 5G-V2X  is shown, in the third section we explain the use cases of 5G-V2X applications, in the forth …
Amc: Automl for model compression and acceleration on mobile devices | Y He, J Lin, Z Liu, H Wang, LJ Li… - … on computer vision …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Although AMC makes many trials on model architecture, we have separate validation and  test … Policy given by AMC looks like sawtooth, which resembles the bottleneck architecture  [21]. … In: Proceedings of the 43rd International Symposium on Computer Architecture. pp. 243–…
ReM: A Reconfigurable Multipotent Cell for New Distributed Reconfigurable Architectures | L Bozzoli, L Sterpone - International Symposium on Applied …, 2019 - Springer | … In this paper, we propose a new reconfigurable computing architecture that implement  distributed reconfiguration at the lowest granularity to … We suggest an architecture in which  configuration settings and reconfigurable resources are tidily coupled instead of being separated in …
Hardware Secure Execution and Simulation Model Correlation using IFT on RISC-V | GS Nicholas, B Thakar, F Saqib - … of the 2021 on Great Lakes Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | With Heterogeneous architectures and IoT devices connecting to billions of devices in the network,  securing the application and tracking the data flow from different untrusted communication  channels during run time and protecting the return address is an essential aspect of …
The accelerator wall: Limits of chip specialization | A Fuchs, D Wentzlaff - 2019 IEEE International Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Specializing chips using hardware accelerators has become the prime means to alleviate  the gap between the growing computational demands and the stagnating transistor budgets  caused by the slowdown of CMOS scaling. Much of the benefits of chip specialization stems …
Crash consistency in encrypted non-volatile main memory systems | S Liu, A Kolli, J Ren, S Khan - … IEEE International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Non-Volatile Main Memory (NVMM) systems provide high performance by directly manipulating  persistent data in-memory, but require crash consistency support to recover data in a consistent  state in case of a power failure or system crash. In this work, we focus on the interplay …
PCNNA: A photonic convolutional neural network accelerator | A Mehrabian, Y Al-Kabani, VJ Sorger… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … CNNs’ architecture enable them to receive inputs of higher dimensional shape and construct  a hierarchy of feature representations. High-… Figure 4 depicts the overall hardware architecture  of our design. PCNNA consist of a weighting MRR bank repository, which its microrings …
Regmutex: Inter-warp gpu register time-sharing | F Khorasani, HA Esfeden… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Registers are the fastest and simultaneously the most expensive kind of memory available  to GPU threads. Due to existence of a great number of concurrently executing threads, and  the high cost of context switching mechanisms, contemporary GPUs are equipped with large …
Optimizing software-directed instruction replication for gpu error detection | A Mahmoud, SKS Hari, MB Sullivan… - SC18: International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We review basic GPU architecture terminology and the NVIDIA GPU compilation flow  because we implement SInRG using NVIDIA’s technology. However, the ideas presented in  this paper can be applied to other GPU architectures. GPU programming models consider …
IoT data integrity verification for cyber-physical systems using blockchain | C Machado, AAM Fröhlich - … 21st International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … an architecture that can take advantage of blockchain features to allow further integrity  verification of data produced by IoT devices even in the realm of CPS. Our architecture is … In  Section III, we present our proposed split blockchain architecture and how its components are …
Tensor Slices to the Rescue: Supercharging ML Acceleration on FPGAs | A Arora, S Mehta, V Betz, LK John - … /SIGDA International Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … We architect and implement a Tensor Slice and compare the performance of an FPGA  architecture with Tensor Slices (in addition to LBs, … There are differences between our baseline  architecture and Intel Agilex (eg we do not model HyperFlex), but for the purposes of this …
Security and Privacy in Social Networks and Big Data: 6th International Symposium, SocialSec 2020, Tianjin, China, September 26-27, 2020, Proceedings | J Li, Y Xiang, Z Liu - 2020 - books.google.com | This book constitutes revised and selected papers from the 6th International Symposium on  Security and Privacy in Social Networks and Big Data, SocialSec 2020, held in Tianjin, China,  in September 2020. The 38 full papers presented in this volume were carefully reviewed …
Sharing, protection, and compatibility for reconfigurable fabric with amorphos | A Khawaja, J Landgraf, R Prakash, M Wei… - … {USENIX} Symposium …, 2018 - usenix.org | Cloud providers such as Amazon and Microsoft have begun to support on-demand FPGA  acceleration in the cloud, and hardware vendors will support FPGAs in future processors. At  the same time, technology advancements such as 3D stacking, through-silicon vias (TSVs), …
Snapea: Predictive early activation for reducing computation in deep convolutional neural networks | V Akhlaghi, A Yazdanbakhsh, K Samadi… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) perform billions of operations for classifying a  single input. To reduce these computations, this paper offers a solution that leverages a  combination of runtime information and the algorithmic structure of CNNs. Specifically, in …
Parties: Qos-aware resource partitioning for multiple interactive services | S Chen, C Delimitrou, JF Martínez - … of the Twenty-Fourth International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Multi-tenancy in modern datacenters is currently limited to a single latency-critical, interactive  service, running alongside one or more low-priority, best-effort jobs. This limits the efficiency  gains from multi-tenancy, especially as an increasing number of cloud applications are …
How to factor 2048 bit RSA integers in 8 hours using 20 million noisy qubits | C Gidney, M Ekerå - Quantum, 2021 - quantum-journal.org | … In 2014 ACM/​IEEE 41st International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA), pages  361–372. IEEE, 2014. 10.1109/​ISCA.… , area efficient architecture for Shor's factoring  algorithm. In Proceedings of the 36th Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture, …
Microscopy cell segmentation via convolutional LSTM networks | A Arbelle, TR Raviv - 2019 IEEE 16th International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … segmentation architecture which integrates Convolutional Long Short Term Memory (C-LSTM)  with the U-Net. The network’s unique architecture … In this section we compare this architecture  with two alternatives by substituting: 1) the convolutional layers of the decoder section (re…
An MRAM-based deep in-memory architecture for deep neural networks | AD Patil, H Hua, S Gonugondla, M Kang… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … For MRAM-DIMA, we assume a single-slope ADC architecture with shared ramp generation  circuit across the WRBs, typically employed in … In the digital MRAM architecture, we use  a BCA of identical capacity as in DIMA to store the weight matrix. Using the measured offset …
A promising power-saving technique: Approximate computing | J Huang, TN Kumar, H Abbas - … IEEE Symposium on Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Approximate computing is introduced as an important low-power technology for image  processing in recent years. Since a slight decrease in image quality is normally acceptable by  human eyes, approximate computing optimizes design by allowing some tolerable errors and …
Conversion of analog to spiking neural networks using sparse temporal coding | B Rueckauer, SC Liu - … International Symposium on Circuits and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The activations of an analog neural network (ANN) are usually treated as representing an  analog firing rate. When mapping the ANN onto an equivalent spiking neural network (SNN),  this rate-based conversion can lead to undesired increases in computation cost and memory …
The future of electronics based on memristive systems | MA Zidan, JP Strachan, WD Lu - Nature electronics, 2018 - nature.com | A memristor is a resistive device with an inherent memory. The theoretical concept of a  memristor was connected to physically measured devices in 2008 and since then there has  been rapid progress in the development of such devices, leading to a series of recent …
Classification-driven search for effective sm partitioning in multitasking gpus | X Zhao, Z Wang, L Eeckhout - Proceedings of the 2018 International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Dynamic Resource Partitioning for GPU Multiprogramming,” in Proceedings of the International  Symposium on Computer Architecture … Bandwidth Management,” in Proceedings of the  International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA), March 2018. …
Code-dependent and architecture-dependent reliability behaviors | V Fratin, D Oliveira, C Lunardi, F Santos… - … /IFIP International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The increased need for computing capabilities and higher efficiency have stimulated  industries to make available in the market novel architectures with increased complexity. The  variety of codes that need to be executed combined with the complexity of novel architectures …
D-RaNGe: Using commodity DRAM devices to generate true random numbers with low latency and high throughput | JS Kim, M Patel, H Hassan, L Orosa… - … Computer Architecture …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We propose a new DRAM-based true random number generator (TRNG) that leverages  DRAM cells as an entropy source. The key idea is to intentionally violate the DRAM access  timing parameters and use the resulting errors as the source of randomness. Our technique …
Eraseme: A defense mechanism against information leakage exploiting gpu memory | H Fang, M Doroslovački, G Venkataramani - … on Great Lakes Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Covert timing channels exploiting non-uniform memory access based architectures. In  Proceedings of the on Great Lakes Symposium on VLSI 2017, pages 155–160. ACM, 2017. [26]  Zhe Zhou, Wenrui Diao, Xiangyu Liu, Zhou Li, Kehuan Zhang, and Rui Liu. …
A survey of low power design techniques for last level caches | E Ofori-Attah, X Wang, MO Agyeman - International Symposium on …, 2018 - Springer | … This paper presents a survey of recent contributions towards reducing power consumption  in cache architectures. Particularly, to reduce a significant amount of power, we target LLCs  since it consumes majority of on-chip power. The rest of the paper is organised as follows, Sect…
Towards Exploiting CPU Elasticity via Efficient Thread Oversubscription | H Huang, J Rao, S Wu, H Jin, H Jiang, H Che… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Elasticity is an essential feature of cloud computing, which allows users to dynamically add  or remove resources in response to workload changes. However, building applications that  truly exploit elasticity is non-trivial. Traditional applications need to be modified to efficiently …
Qantum-dot cellular automata RAM design using crossbar architecture | O Liolis, VA Mardiris, GC Sirakoulis… - … Architectures  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In our case, a QCA circuit in programmable crossbar architecture can be customized to have  more storage ability, with expense on … is presented in crossbar architecture. The implementation  of a RAM cell in crossbar architecture provides the capability of large memory designs. …
The locality descriptor: A holistic cross-layer abstraction to express data locality in GPUs | N Vijaykumar, E Ebrahimi, K Hsieh… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Exploiting data locality in GPUs is critical to making more efficient use of the existing caches and  the NUMA-based memory hierarchy expected in future GPUs. While modern GPU programming  models are designed to explicitly express parallelism, there is no clear explicit way …
Checkmate: Automated synthesis of hardware exploits and security litmus tests | C Trippel, D Lustig, M Martonosi - … International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recent research has uncovered a broad class of security vulnerabilities in which  confidential data is leaked through programmer-observable microarchitectural state. In this  paper, we present CheckMate, a rigorous approach and automated tool for determining if a …
Energy-Efficient Machine Learning on the Edges | M Kumar, X Zhang, L Liu, Y Wang… - 2020 IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … IBM TrueNorth[24] and Intel Loihi[25] both are neuromorphic processors whose architecture  is well suited to many complex neural networks algorithms. The neuromorphic architecture  is an efficient and flexible non–von Neumann architecture, which uses silicon technology to …
Cocoa: Synergistic cache compression and error correction in capacity sensitive last level caches | C Yan, R Joseph - Proceedings of the International Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Section 3 presents observations which motivate the proposed architecture. In Section 4, we  describe the novel cache architecture in detail. Section 5 presents the experimental methodology.  In Section 6, we evaluate the Cocoa cache design with analysis of area, latency and …
{CSI}{NN}: Reverse Engineering of Neural Network Architectures Through Electromagnetic Side Channel | L Batina, S Bhasin, D Jap, S Picek - 28th {USENIX} Security Symposium …, 2019 - usenix.org | Machine learning has become mainstream across industries. Numerous examples prove  the validity of it for security applications. In this work, we investigate how to reverse engineer  a neural network by using side-channel information such as timing and electromagnetic (EM) …
An ultra-efficient memristor-based dnn framework with structured weight pruning and quantization using admm | G Yuan, X Ma, C Ding, S Lin, T Zhang… - … /ACM International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The high computation and memory storage of large deep neural networks (DNNs) models  pose intensive challenges to the conventional Von-Neumann architecture, incurring sub-stantial  data movements in the memory hierarchy. The memristor crossbar array has emerged as …
Tbd: Benchmarking and analyzing deep neural network training | H Zhu, M Akrout, B Zheng, A Pelegris… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … Table 1: The table above shows a categorization of major computer architecture and  systems conference papers (SOSP, OSDI, NSDI, MICRO, ISCA, HPCA, ASPLOS) since 2014.  These papers are grouped by their focus along two dimensions: Training versus Inference and …
SAMS-NET: Stain-aware multi-scale network for instance-based nuclei segmentation in histology images | S Graham, NM Rajpoot - … IEEE 15th International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We propose a SAM-Net architecture for precise instance-based nuclei segmentation that  aims to tackle the above challenges. Our network architecture is shown in Figure 2, where it  takes an input patch and outputs the nuclei segmentation result. The design is inspired by the …
Systolic-CNN: an OpenCL-defined scalable run-time-flexible FPGA accelerator architecture for accelerating convolutional neural network inference in cloud/edge … | A Dua, Y Li, F Ren - … IEEE 28th Annual International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents Systolic-CNN, an OpenCLdefined scalable, run-time-flexible FPGA  accelerator architecture, optimized for performing the low-latency, energy-efficient inference  of various convolutional neural networks (CNNs) in the context of multi-tenancy cloud/edge …
Towards a Semantic Architecture for the Internet of Musical Things | L Turchet, F Viola, G Fazekas… - 2018 23rd Conference of …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … architecture which relies on a semantic audio server and edge computing techniques. Specifically,  a SPARQL Event Processing Architecture is … In this paper, we propose a semantically-enriched  IoMusT architecture supporting interactions between different actors using Musical …
SSDcheck: Timely and accurate prediction of irregular behaviors in black-box SSDs | J Kim, P Park, J Ahn, J Kim, J Kim… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … §II explains the general micro-architecture of SSDs and motivates our work with its key  design goals. §III describes how SSDcheck extracts key micro-… system organization,” in  Proceedings of the 36th annual international symposium on Computer architecture (ISCA ’09). …
Magic-state functional units: Mapping and scheduling multi-level distillation circuits for fault-tolerant quantum architectures | Y Ding, A Holmes, A Javadi-Abhari… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Quantum computers have recently made great strides and are on a long-term path towards  useful fault-tolerant computation. A dominant overhead in fault-tolerant quantum computation  is the production of high-fidelity encoded qubits, called magic states, which enable reliable …
Memory devices and applications for in-memory computing | A Sebastian, M Le Gallo, R Khaddam-Aljameh… - Nature …, 2020 - nature.com | … The aforementioned accuracy limitation can, to a certain extent, be remedied by an old  technique in computer architecture called ‘bit slicing’. Bit slicing is a general approach for  constructing a processor from modules of smaller bit width. Each of the modules processes one bit …
TVM: end-to-end optimization stack for deep learning | T Chen, T Moreau, Z Jiang, H Shen… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - dada.cs.washington.edu | … Because depthwise convolution architecture is relatively new and is not yet optimized by a  DNN library, we pick the naive … architecture for energy-efficient dataflow for convolutional  neural networks. In Proceedings of the 43rd International Symposium on Computer Architecture, …
A machine learning approach for parameter screening in earthquake simulation | M Monterrubio-Velasco… - … 30th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Earthquakes are the result of rupture in the Earth's crust. The rupture process is difficult to  model deterministically due to the number of unmeasurable parameters involved and poorly  constrained physical conditions, as well as the very diverse scales involved in their nucleation (…
Legoos: A disseminated, distributed {OS} for hardware resource disaggregation | Y Shan, Y Huang, Y Chen, Y Zhang - … Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … architecture to cleanly separate processor and memory hardware functionalities, while  preserving most of the performance of monolithic server architecture… Figure 3 illustrates  splitkernel’s overall architecture. The splitkernel disseminates an OS into pieces of different …
An 8-bit 1.5 GS/s Subranging ADC with Level-Shift Operation and Calibration Techniques | CM Yang, TH Kuo - … International Symposium on Computer …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This work presents a high-speed low-power subranging analog-to-digital converter (ADC).  The prototype achieves a subranging operation with a level-shift operation technique, which  has a higher speed compared with the conventional subranging architecture. A background …
Real-time embedded video denoiser prototype | A Petreto, T Romera, F Lemaitre… - 9th International …, 2020 - hal.archives-ouvertes.fr | … Therefore, it would be interesting to have a TX2 like architecture processed in 12nm. Since  Nvidia announced for early 2020 a new … Finally, we introduced VIRTANS: our first real-time  embedded video denoiser prototype based on the TX2 architecture and on RTE-VD. VIRTANS …
Migrating large deep learning models to serverless architecture | D Chahal, R Ojha, M Ramesh… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this section we discuss the architecture of our in-house application called Deep Reader  [18] that we used for our experiments. Deep Reader is an image and PDF document processing  application used to extract and identify text, relationships among the different text blocks …
Design flow of accelerating hybrid extremely low bit-width neural network in embedded FPGA | J Wang, Q Lou, X Zhang, C Zhu, Y Lin… - … 28th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In order to accommodate the diverse quantization schemes in the proposed ELB-NN design  method and seek for higher throughput, we construct a pipeline architecture for boosting the  inference of DNNs. To make … In this section, we focus on its hardware architecture design. …
Inter-base station cooperative scheduling method among multiple service channels to maximize integrated system throughput | T Sakai, Y Yuda, K Higuchi - … 21st International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper, we propose an inter-base station (BS) cooperative scheduling method among  terminals in multiple service channels that maximizes the system throughput, which is an  integrated system metric concatenating the performance levels of all services. The fifth …
Adaptive Memory and Storage Fusion on Non-Volatile One-Memory System | CH Chang, CW Chang - … Systems and Applications Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Non-volatile memory (NVM), such as phase change memory (PCM), can be a promising  candidate to replace DRAM because of its lower leakage power and higher density. Since  PCM is non-volatile, it can also be used as storage to support in-place execution and reduce …
Structured sparse fully-connected layers in the CNNs and its GPU acceleration | N Matsumura, Y Ito, K Nakano… - … Seventh International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To address this problem, we propose a new sparse network architecture for CNNs. We  compress the fully-connected layers (FLs) in the CNNs that occupying most of the weights. By  considering the characteristic of the output of convolutional layers, we can highly compress the …
Toward high performance solutions as services of research digital platform | AA Zatsarinny, AK Gorshenin, VA Kondrashev… - Procedia Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | The issues of offering services for providing resources of high-performance hybrid computer  systems in applied and fundamental research within the framework of a unified digital  platform are considered. Approaches for providing parallel execution of various tasks in a …
Dic image segmentation of dense cell populations by combining deep learning and watershed | F Lux, P Matula - 2019 IEEE 16th International Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Image segmentation of dense cell populations acquired using label-free optical microscopy  techniques is a challenging problem. In this paper, we propose a novel approach based on  a combination of deep learning and the watershed transform to segment differential …
Can computer vision be used for anthropometry? A feasibility study of a smart mobile application | R Fialho, R Moreira, TCP Santos… - … 34th International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Anthropometry is a method for measuring physical characteristics of the human body,  particularly dealing with measures of size and shape of the body. These measurements can  be performed using a tape measure, but new devices and software solutions already been …
Time-step interleaved weight reuse for LSTM neural network computing | N Park, Y Kim, D Ahn, T Kim, JJ Kim - … /IEEE International Symposium on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | In Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) neural network models, a weight matrix tends to be  repeatedly loaded from DRAM if the size of on-chip storage of the processor is not large enough  to store the entire matrix. To alleviate heavy overhead of DRAM access for weight loading in …
E3: Energy-efficient microservices on SmartNIC-accelerated servers | M Liu, S Peter, A Krishnamurthy… - 2019 {USENIX} Annual …, 2019 - usenix.org | … Two kinds of SmartNIC exist: (1) general-purpose, which allows transparent microservice  offload and is the architecture we consider. For example, Mellanox … Arch2030: A vision of  computer architecture research over the next 15 years. arXiv preprint arXiv:1612.03182, 2016. …
A Dense Tensor Accelerator with Data Exchange Mesh for DNN and Vision Workloads | YS Lin, WC Chen, CL Yang… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—We propose a dense tensor accelerator called VectorMesh, a scalable,  memory-efficient architecture that can support a wide variety of DNN and computer vision workloads.  Its building block is a tile execution unit (TEU), which includes dozens of processing elements (…
FBNA: A fully binarized neural network accelerator | P Guo, H Ma, R Chen, P Li, S Xie… - 2018 28th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this work, we propose the first fully binarized convolutional neural network accelerator (FBNA)  architecture, in which all convolutional operations are binarized and unified, even including  the first layer and padding. The fully unified architecture provides more resource, …
NVDIMM-C: A Byte-Addressable Non-Volatile Memory Module for Compatibility with Standard DDR Memory Interfaces | C Lee, W Shin, DJ Kim, Y Yu, SJ Kim… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we propose an NVDIMM architecture with several … architecture including  hardware and software stacks. • We evaluate the proposed device on a real server system without  any modification to the running environments. We find that the NVDIMM-C architecture can …
Three tier architecture for iot driven health monitoring system using raspberry pi | N Kamal, P Ghosal - 2018 IEEE International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Wireless sensor networks (WSNs) have witnessed advancement in medical services from  real-time tracking and computer-assisted machine to alert response systems. Due to a tremendous  shortage of trained manpower and a huge cost for setting up state-of-the-art facilities, it …
Basal cell carcinoma detection in full field OCT images using convolutional neural networks | D Mandache, E Dalimier, JR Durkin… - … 15th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper we introduce a new application that exploits the emerging imaging modality of  full field optical coherence tomography (FFOCT) as a means of optical biopsy. The objective  is to build a computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) tool that can speed up the detection of tumoral …
A Resource-Efficient, Robust QRS Detector Using Data Compression and Time-sharing Architecture | W Yan, Y Ji, L Hu, T Zhou, Y Zhao… - 2021 IEEE International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper, we proposed a resource-efficient ‘QRS’ detector with superior detection accuracy.  Inspired by the strategy of the folded architecture, we adopted a reconfigurable time-sharing  computation unit with a pipeline schedule. To further precisely locate the position of the ‘…
Recovery of Parallel Dataflow Computing System From Faults and Failures | D Zmejev, N Levchenko - … East-West Design & Test Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , which is associated with the peculiarities of the von Neumann architecture and  computational model of modern supercomputers [5]. … the computer models when solving tasks  of various classes on a wide range of configurations and parameters of the system architecture. …
Xilinx Adaptive Compute Acceleration Platform: VersalTM Architecture | B Gaide, D Gaitonde, C Ravishankar… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In this paper we describe Xilinx's Versal-Adaptive Compute Acceleration Platform (ACAP).  ACAP is a hybrid compute platform that tightly integrates traditional FPGA programmable  fabric, software programmable processors and software programmable accelerator engines. …
Benchmarking, Measuring, and Optimizing: First BenchCouncil International Symposium, Bench 2018, Seattle, WA, USA, December 10-13, 2018, Revised … | C Zheng, J Zhan - 2019 - books.google.com | This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the First International Symposium on  Benchmarking, Measuring, and Optimization, Bench 2018, held in Seattle, WA, USA, in  December 2018. The 20 full papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected from 51 …
Hbucnna: Hybrid binary-unary convolutional neural network accelerator | SR Faraji, P Abillama, G Singh… - 2020 IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To reduce the number of read memory operations, we propose a customized architecture  to implement all kernels of a layer in parallel. The proposed architecture takes an input and  performs multiplications between xijk and all wijkp in parallel. Equations 2 and 3 show the …
FPGA-based convolutional neural network architecture with reduced parameter requirements | M Hailesellasie, SR Hasan, F Khalid… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … architecture has 6.4M operations while LeNet has 1.55M operations showing a 4X increase.  Overall, the area delay product of our architecture is 2.8 times better than LeNet architecture…  , both architectures obtain equivalent classification accuracy while our new CNN architecture …
HeatWatch: Improving 3D NAND flash memory device reliability by exploiting self-recovery and temperature awareness | Y Luo, S Ghose, Y Cai, EF Haratsch… - … Computer Architecture …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | NAND flash memory density continues to scale to keep up with the increasing storage  demands of data-intensive applications. Unfortunately, as a result of this scaling, the lifetime of  NAND flash memory has been decreasing. Each cell in NAND flash memory can endure only a …
Synergy: Rethinking secure-memory design for error-correcting memories | G Saileshwar, PJ Nair, P Ramrakhyani… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Building trusted data-centers requires resilient memories which are protected from both  adversarial attacks and errors. Unfortunately, the state-of-the-art memory security solutions  incur considerable performance overheads due to accesses for security metadata like Message …
Ensemble of diverse mappings: Improving reliability of quantum computers by orchestrating dissimilar mistakes | SS Tannu, M Qureshi - … 52nd Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … coupling resonators, we can not build a solid-state quantum computer with all to all  connectivity. Existing QC uses limited connectivity … computer studies: architectural comparisons  and design insights. In Proceedings of the 46th International Symposium on Computer Architecture…
Intelligent and connected vehicles: Current status and future perspectives | DG Yang, K Jiang, D Zhao, CL Yu, Z Cao… - Science China …, 2018 - Springer | Intelligent connected vehicles (ICVs) are believed to change people’s life in the near future  by making the transportation safer, cleaner and more comfortable. Although many prototypes  of ICVs have been developed to prove the concept of autonomous driving and the feasibility …
Thyroid cancer computer-aided diagnosis system using MRI-based multi-input CNN model | A Naglah, F Khalifa, R Khaled… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Achieving early detection and classification of thyroid nodules contributes to the prediction  of cancer burdening and also steers appropriate clinical pathways of that medical condition.  We propose a novel multimodal MRI-based computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) system that …
Lung ct screening with 3d convolutional neural network architectures | TJB Lima, D Ushizima… - … 17th International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The contribution of this paper is a comprehensive evaluation of 3D CNN architectures by  means of their classification accuracy when applied to lung scans datasets. The detection of  malignant nodules from CT scans follows four steps: image acquisition, evaluation of the …
Sparse coding and autoencoders | A Rangamani, A Mukherjee, A Basu… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Olshausen and Field had already made the connection between sparse coding and training  neural architectures and in today’s terminology this is reminiscent of the architecture of an  autoencoder [19]. Autoencoder architectures have very recently been reviewed here, [20]. …
Bit-tactical: A software/hardware approach to exploiting value and bit sparsity in neural networks | A Delmas Lascorz, P Judd, DM Stuart… - … -Fourth International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Weight and activation sparsity can be leveraged in hardware to boost the performance and  energy efficiency of Deep Neural Networks during inference. Fully capitalizing on sparsity  requires re-scheduling and mapping the execution stream to deliver non-zero weight/activation …
Dynamic Motion Vector Searching Algorithm Using Window Adjustment, Global Motion Information, and Direction Priors | CH Lin, JJ Ding, YS Lu - … International Symposium on Computer …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Motion vector (MV) searching plays an important role in video compression and object tracking.  In this work, an advanced MV searching algorithm is proposed. The key idea is to adjust  the searching window according to the global motion vector of previous coded frame. The …
Implementation of a cloud-based, traffic aware and energy efficient management of base stations' activity | D Clemente, L Ferreira, G Soares… - … 21st International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In Section II is described the architecture framework and the strategy that supports the  proposed model. Section III details the … An overview of the proposed solution architecture  is shown in Fig. 3, summarising the various layers presented in Fig. 1, and detailing the …
A novel majority based imprecise 4: 2 compressor with respect to the current and future VLSI industry | MR Taheri, A Arasteh, S Mohammadyan… - Microprocessors and …, 2020 - Elsevier | … degree in computer architecture engineering from ShahidBeheshti University of Iran in 2016.  She is also a member of the NQC Lab of Shahid … in computer architecture from Paris XI  University, Paris, France, in 1995. He is currently Professor in faculty of electrical and computer …
A case for richer cross-layer abstractions: Bridging the semantic gap with expressive memory | N Vijaykumar, A Jain, D Majumdar… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper makes a case for a new cross-layer interface, Expressive Memory (XMem), to  communicate higher-level program semantics from the application to the system software and  hardware architecture. XMem provides (i) a flexible and extensible abstraction, called an Atom…
Trends and Opportunities for SRAM Based In-Memory and Near-Memory Computation | S Srinivasa, AK Ramanathan… - … 22nd International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Changes in application trends along with increasing number of connected devices have led  to explosion in the amount of data being generated every single day. Computing systems  need to efficiently process these huge amounts of data and generate results, classify objects, …
FANS: FPGA-Accelerated Near-Storage Sorting | W Qiao, J Oh, L Guo, MCF Chang… - … International Symposium …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … SYSTEM ARCHITECTURE OF FANS In this section, we present the system architecture of  FANS. First we show the internal architecture of the sorting kernel that works with the FPGA  DRAM. Then we illustrate how we improve the end-to-end system performance that takes into …
Mitigating adversarial attacks on medical image understanding systems | R Paul, M Schabath, R Gillies, L Hall… - … IEEE 17th International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep learning systems are now being widely used to analyze lung cancer. However, recent  work has shown a deep learning system can be easily fooled by intentionally adding some  noise in the image. This is called as Adversarial attack. This paper presents an adversarial …
Ithemal: Accurate, portable and fast basic block throughput estimation using deep neural networks | C Mendis, A Renda, S Amarasinghe… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … We demonstrate that the proposed hierarchical multiscale RNN outperforms many other  choices, including other neural network architectures … this hierarchical architecture against  other architecture choices in Section 6, showing the efficacy of Ithemal’s hierarchical architecture. …
Acceleration of ART algorithm on an FPGA board with Xilinx SDAccel | Y Okamoto, H Amano - 2019 Seventh International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Radiation transfer (RT) is an important physical processes of energy transfer in the form of  electromagnetic wave, and ART method is a ray-tracing for computing RT of re-connected  photons in the simulation of protogalaxies formation. It requires a heavy computational power …
Enduring Non-Volatile L1 Cache Using Low-Retention-Time STTRAM Cells | F Rabiee, M Kajouyan, N Estiri, J Fluech… - … Annual Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Sarbazi-Azad, “High-endurance and performance-efficient design of hybrid cache  architectures through adaptive line replacement,” in Proceedings of the 17th IEEE/ACM  international symposium on Low-power electronics and design, 2011, pp. 79–84. [12] J. …
VTA: an open hardware-software stack for deep learning | T Moreau, T Chen, Z Jiang, L Ceze, C Guestrin… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - deepai.org | … This challenge is not specific to computer architecture; it is present at all levels of the stack.  An end-to-end approach requires integration … two novel model architectures beyond standard  deep convolution nets. First, we evaluate MobileNet, a recent model architecture that uses …
High precision, high performance FPGA adders | M Langhammer, B Pasca… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper examines the architecture and implementation of high-performance integer adders  on FPGAs for widths ranging from 1024 to 8192 bits, … The architectures presented in this  work show 1 to 2 orders magnitude reduction in the area-latency product over commonly used …
Identifying and structuring challenges in large-scale agile development based on a structured literature review | Ö Uludag, M Kleehaus, C Caprano… - … IEEE 22nd International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Over the last two decades, agile methods have transformed and brought unique changes to  software development practice by strongly emphasizing team collaboration, customer  involvement, and change tolerance. The success of agile methods for small, co-located teams has …
An fpga-based computing infrastructure tailored to efficiently scaffold genome sequences | A Zeni, M Crespi, L Di Tucci… - … Annual International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we present a scalable, high performance and energy efficient architecture  for the alignment step of SSPACE, a state of the art tool used to perform … In this paper, we  present a scalable, high performant architecture for the aligning step of SSPACE on FPGA. …
CoNDA: Efficient cache coherence support for near-data accelerators | A Boroumand, S Ghose, M Patel, H Hassan… - … Computer Architecture, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Specialized on-chip accelerators are widely used to improve the energy efficiency of computing  systems. Recent advances in memory technology have enabled near-data accelerators  (NDAs), which reside off-chip close to main memory and can yield further benefits than on-…
Joint functional splitting and content placement for green hybrid CRAN | A Sriram, M Masoudi, A Alabbasi… - … Annual International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | A hybrid cloud radio access network (H-CRAN) architecture has been proposed to alleviate  the midhaul capacity limitation in C-RAN. In this architecture, functional splitting is utilized to  distribute the processing functions between a central cloud and edge clouds. The flexibility of …
NIZCache: Energy-efficient Non-uniform Cache Architecture for Chip-multiprocessors Based on Invalid and Zero Lines | P Safayenikoo, A Asad, M Fathy… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … problem, even more, sever and therefore incurs more leakage energy consumption compared  to conventional SRAM cache architectures in 2Ds due to dense integration. In this paper,  we propose a runtime cache architecture called NIZCache. The core idea of NIZCache is to …
Dog breed identification using deep learning | Z Ráduly, C Sulyok, Z Vadászi… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This section presents the applied technologies, CNN architectures, methods, hyperparameters  and using the trained models as frozen … The NASNet-A architecture is created based on  the approach of the Neural Architecture Search (NAS) framework [23], by the Google AutoML […
Neuromorphic computing's yesterday, today, and tomorrow–an evolutional view | Y Chen, HH Li, C Wu, C Song, S Li, C Min, HP Cheng… - Integration, 2018 - Elsevier | … bandwidth (“known as memory wall”), motivating recent active research on new or  alternative computing architectures. Neuromorphic computing system (NCS) is one of such  alternative architectures, which were originally referred to as the hardware that mimics neuro-biological …
Artificial Intelligence architecture inspired by personality theory | GA Popoola, CA Graves - 2018 IEEE International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper introduces a novel approach for classification problems utilizing a Jungian  Psychology-inspired classification architecture (JPICA). The goal of JPICA is to demonstrate  applications of personality theory to artificial intelligence in general, and thus move closer to …
Sparsehd: Algorithm-hardware co-optimization for efficient high-dimensional computing | M Imani, S Salamat, B Khaleghi… - … Annual International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Thus, we implement a pipeline architecture which hides the delay of the encoding module.  In our implementation, at the time encoding module generates d dimensions of the query  hypervector, the associative memory module performs the similarity check on another d …
Cfdvex: A novel feature extraction method for detecting cross-architecture iot malware | TN Phu, LH Hoang, NN Toan, ND Tho… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … a feature selection method to detect cross-architecture malware, called CFDVex. Experimental  evaluation of … -architecture malware detection. We only trained a SVM model by Intel 80386  architecture samples, our method could detect the IoT malware for the MIPS architecture …
Microscopy cell segmentation via adversarial neural networks | A Arbelle, TR Raviv - 2018 IEEE 15th International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We propose a novel architecture for the discriminator, referred to as the “Rib Cage”  architecture (See section 2.4.2), which is adapted to the problem. The “Rib Cage”  architecture includes several cross connections between the image and the segmentation, …
Perspective: A review on memristive hardware for neuromorphic computation | C Sung, H Hwang, IK Yoo - Journal of Applied Physics, 2018 - aip.scitation.org | … Nowak, “Role of synaptic variability in spike-based neuromorphic circuits with unsupervised  learning,” in IEEE International Symposium … Nowak, “Role of synaptic variability in spike-based  neuromorphic circuits with unsupervised learning,” in IEEE International Symposium on …
A performance comparison of linux containers and virtual machines using Docker and KVM | MS Chae, HM Lee, K Lee - Cluster Computing, 2019 - Springer | Virtualization is a foundational element of cloud computing. Since cloud computing is slower  than a native system, this study analyzes ways to improve performance. We compared the  performance of Docker and Kernel-based virtual machine (KVM). KVM uses full virtualization, …
High performance training of deep neural networks using pipelined hardware acceleration and distributed memory | R Mehta, Y Huang, M Cheng, S Bagga… - … 19th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we present a scalable pipelined hardware architecture with distributed memories  for a digital neuron to implement deep neural networks. We also explore various functions  and algorithms as well as different memory topologies, to optimize the performance of our …
Lig-Doctor: real-world clinical prognosis using a bi-directional neural network | JF Rodrigues, G Spadon, B Brandoli… - … 33rd International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Differently, we introduce a Deep Learning architecture whose design results from an intensive  experimental process; our final architecture is … We contribute with an architecture and with  insights for the design of Deep Learning architectures. Index Terms—Clinical Prognosis, …
Intelligent lighting system platform architecture and linear process models | AB Borlea, RE Precup, ID Borlea… - … IEEE 13th International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper suggests an architecture for a smart platform capable of controlling the light  intensity in a room to a desired level in order to reduce the power consumption. The paper also  describes the lighting process of a room using a smart light bulb by presenting a set of linear …
An Efficient Implementation of a TAGE Branch Predictor for Soft Processors on FPGA | K Matsui, MA Islam, K Kise - … 13th International Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … On the other hand, RISC-V [3] is becoming popular as a RISC based open instruction set  architecture (ISA) which has been developed at the … Firstly, we show the architecture of an  instruction fetch unit we assumed. It is a typical fetch unit having a branch predictor, branch target …
AMC: An asynchronous memory compiler | S Ataei, R Manohar - 2019 25th IEEE International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … AMC creates a memory with a pipelined asynchronous architecture, similar to multiple previous  custom memory designs [3], [8], [9], [5], [10]… AMC enables rapid prototyping for researchers  in various fields from computer architecture to SoC design, device research, and computer-…
Accelerator-level parallelism | MD Hill, VJ Reddi - Communications of the ACM, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … John Hennessy and David Patterson asserted in their 2018 Turing Award Lecture that we  are upon a new golden age for computer architecture.We assert that the challenge put forth by  Hennessy and Patterson ought to be generalized to a new golden age for computer science …
Based on RFID Positioning System with Wireless Medical Care Environment Simulation | CY Chung, IT Peng - … International Symposium on Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … SYSTEM ARCHITECTURE This study divided the system architecture into four parts that  are physiological signal acquisition module, wireless … The above system architecture-monitoring  interface always monitors the patient's physiological data and location in order to capture …
A new deep learning application based on movidius ncs for embedded object detection and recognition | NA Othman, I Aydin - 2018 2nd international symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … By combining both the SSD algorithm and MobileNet architecture, we reach a fast and  efficient object detection and recognition system based on deep learning technique. … In  this paper, we used MobileNet architecture to extract feature maps from input frames. …
A zero-positive learning approach for diagnosing software performance regressions | M Alam, J Gottschlich, N Tatbul, JS Turek… - Advances in Neural …, 2019 - papers.nips.cc | The field of machine programming (MP), the automation of the development of software, is  making notable research advances. This is, in part, due to the emergence of a wide range of  novel techniques in machine learning. In this paper, we apply MP to the automation of …
Latency and throughput characterization of convolutional neural networks for mobile computer vision | J Hanhirova, T Kämäräinen, S Seppälä… - Proceedings of the 9th …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In these experiments, we use two recent detectors: 1) SSD meta-architecture combined  with the Inception V2 feature extractor in our … In Proceedings of the 37th annual  international symposium on Computer architecture (ISCAâĂŹ10). 451–460. https: //doi.org/10.1145/…
Software-defined Radios: Architecture, state-of-the-art, and challenges | R Akeela, B Dezfouli - Computer Communications, 2018 - Elsevier | … We offer an overview of SDR architecture and its basic components, and then discuss the  significant design trends and development tools. In addition, we highlight key contrasts between  SDR architectures with regards to energy, computing power, and area, based on a set of …
Training DNNs with hybrid block floating point | M Drumond, T Lin, M Jaggi, B Falsafi - arXiv preprint arXiv:1804.01526, 2018 - arxiv.org | … in Proceedings of The 44th International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA 17),  2017. … Architecture for Energy-Efficient Dataflow for Convolutional Neural Networks.,” in  Proceedings of The 43rd International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA 16), 2016. …
Exploring virtual reality in construction, visualization and building performance analysis | M Al-Adhami, L Ma, S Wu - 35th International Symposium on …, 2018 - pure.hud.ac.uk | In the past two decades, the Architecture, Engineering and Construction (AEC) industry has  investigated different approaches to improve communication among project parties, including  Virtual reality (VR) however these approaches have not been widely adopted by the …
OrderLight: Lightweight Memory-Ordering Primitive for Efficient Fine-Grained PIM Computations | A Nag, R Balasubramonian - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … The GPU micro-architecture and the memory parameters assumed in this work are  summarized in Table 1. … Recent papers [32–34] explore the device aspect of such architectures.  This paper explores the systems aspect of such architectures from the host’s perspective. We …
Cardio Twin: A Digital Twin of the human heart running on the edge | R Martinez-Velazquez, R Gamez… - 2019 IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present the Cardio Twin architecture for Ischemic Heart Disease (IHD) detection designed  to run on the edge. We classify non-myocardial and myocardial conditions with a CCN. This  CNN generates features from the electrocardiograms and performs the classification task. …
Efficient and self-adaptive in-situ learning in multilayer memristor neural networks | C Li, D Belkin, Y Li, P Yan, M Hu, N Ge, H Jiang… - Nature …, 2018 - nature.com | Memristors with tunable resistance states are emerging building blocks of artificial neural  networks. However, in situ learning on a large-scale multiple-layer memristor network has  yet to be demonstrated because of challenges in device property engineering and circuit …
Hardware transactional persistent memory | E Giles, K Doshi, P Varman - … of the International Symposium on Memory …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … hardware logging,” in 2017 IEEE International Symposium on High Performance Computer  Architecture (HPCA), 2017. [16] S. Li, P. … Backend Controller,” in The 22nd International  Symposium on HighPerformance Computer Architecture (HPCA). IEEE, March 2016. [20] Z. …
Segmentation-by-detection: A cascade network for volumetric medical image segmentation | M Tang, Z Zhang, D Cobzas… - … 15th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … First, we propose a novel cascade architecture to combine the attention mechanism with the  segmentation system, which allows learning … Different from 3D U-Net, to incorporate the  attention model detected by the RPN, our architecture takes as input both the volumetric image …
Partial compilation of variational algorithms for noisy intermediate-scale quantum machines | P Gokhale, Y Ding, T Propson, C Winkler… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … exponentially difficult in general for a classical computer, but is believed to be efficiently  solvable by a quantum computer [31]. Estimating the … Quantum Instruction Set Architecture. In  2019 IEEE International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA). 224–…
Label-driven weakly-supervised learning for multimodal deformable image registration | Y Hu, M Modat, E Gibson, N Ghavami… - … 15th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Spatially aligning medical images from different modalities remains a challenging task,  especially for intraoperative applications that require fast and robust algorithms. We propose a  weakly-supervised, label-driven formulation for learning 3D voxel correspondence from higher-…
Learning memory access patterns | M Hashemi, K Swersky, J Smith… - International …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … However, the space of machine learning for computer hardware architecture is only lightly  explored. In this paper, we demonstrate the … neural-network based prefetching, and opens  a wide range of exciting directions for machine learning in computer architecture research. …
Dynamic physically unclonable functions | W Xiong, A Schaller, S Katzenbeisser… - … Great Lakes Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In IEEE International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA). IEEE…  In Proceeding of the 41st Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecuture (ISCA…  In IEEE International Symposium on Hardware Oriented Security and Trust (HOST). IEEE, 1–…
Morph: Flexible acceleration for 3d cnn-based video understanding | K Hegde, R Agrawal, Y Yao… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … HARDWARE ARCHITECTURE In this section, we first describe design principles for an  inflexible Morph base architecture. Then we show how modifications to the base  architecture enable flexible tiling, loop ordering and PE parallelism. …
3D Nanoelectronic Computer Architecture and Implementation | D Crawley, K Nikolić, M Forshaw - 2019 - api.taylorfrancis.com | … Before we attempt to answer the questions about speed and architectures, it is helpful to  consider figure 1.2, which illustrates, in an extremely simplified form, the performance and  the size of present-day computing systems, both synthetic (hardware) and natural (‘wetware’). …
SeedEx: A Genome Sequencing Accelerator for Optimal Alignments in Subminimal Space | D Fujiki, S Wu, N Ozog, K Goliya… - … /ACM International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we propose SeedEx, a hardware architecture which embodies a  speculation-and-test … In this section, we illustrate our architecture and hardwarespecific  optimizations of SeedEx. Figure 7 … Subsequently, we illustrate the software architecture and the …
Efficient prediction of network traffic for real-time applications | MF Iqbal, M Zahid, D Habib, LK John - Journal of Computer Networks …, 2019 - hindawi.com | Accurate real-time traffic prediction is required in many networking applications like dynamic  resource allocation and power management. This paper explores a number of predictors  and searches for a predictor which has high accuracy and low computation complexity and …
Multilevel HfO2-based RRAM devices for low-power neuromorphic networks | V Milo, C Zambelli, P Olivo, E Pérez… - APL …, 2019 - aip.scitation.org | … In this work, we study the material, device, and architecture aspects of resistive switching  memory (RRAM) devices for implementing a 2-layer neural network for pattern recognition.  First, various RRAM processes are screened in view of the device window, analog storage, and …
CAVBench: A benchmark suite for connected and autonomous vehicles | Y Wang, S Liu, X Wu, W Shi - 2018 IEEE/ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … proposed a computer architecture for autonomous vehicles which fully used hybrid  heterogeneous hardware [15]. In this work, the applications for autonomous driving were divided  into three stages: sensing, perception, and decision-making. They compared the performance of …
Edge-oriented computing paradigms: A survey on architecture design and system management | C Li, Y Xue, J Wang, W Zhang, T Li - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We focus our attention on architecture design and system management with a rich and  carefully selected set of papers to provide a very … detailed taxonomy of the architecture in the  fog and edge computing paradigms. Specifically, we discuss the layered architecture of the cloud-…
Optimizing the trade-off between single-stage and two-stage deep object detectors using image difficulty prediction | P Soviany, RT Ionescu - 2018 20th International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | There are mainly two types of state-of-the-art object detectors. On one hand, we have two-stage  detectors, such as Faster R-CNN (Region-based Convolutional Neural Networks) or Mask R-CNN,  that (i) use a Region Proposal Network to generate regions of interests in the first …
iDO: Compiler-directed failure atomicity for nonvolatile memory | Q Liu, J Izraelevitz, SK Lee, ML Scott… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents iDO, a compiler-directed approach to failure atomicity with nonvolatile  memory. Unlike most prior work, which instruments each store of persistent data for redo or  undo logging, the iDO compiler identifies idempotent instruction sequences, whose re-…
Efficient on-line error detection and mitigation for deep neural network accelerators | C Schorn, A Guntoro, G Ascheid - International Conference on Computer …, 2018 - Springer | … Although our methods are in principle not limited to a specific kind of network architecture,  we focus on (convolutional) feed-forward networks here, since these are widespread in the  computer vision domain [9]. In a feed-forward network with N layers, the \(i^\mathrm {th}\) layer …
Long short-term memory networks in memristor crossbar arrays | C Li, Z Wang, M Rao, D Belkin, W Song… - Nature Machine …, 2019 - nature.com | … , which enables the implementation of an arbitrarily configured neural network architecture,  and specifically in this work, the LSTM–fully connected network (see Supplementary Fig. for  the detailed architecture). The experimental memristor crossbar array executes the matrix …
Solo or ensemble? choosing a cnn architecture for melanoma classification | F Perez, S Avila, E Valle - … /CVF Conference on Computer …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … We evaluate that claim for melanoma classification, over 9 CNNs architectures, in 5 sets of  splits created on the ISIC Challenge 2017 dataset… • We evaluate the factors that affect the  choice of a CNN architecture for skin lesion analysis. We evaluate 13 factors over 9 architectures …
Technology-Assisted Computing-In-Memory Design for Matrix Multiplication Workloads | N Jao, S Srivinasa, A Ramanathan… - … Architectures  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … -based memory architecture to efficiently solve the computation intensity of sparse dot  products. Specifically, the index assessment of sparse matrix-vector multiplication used in support  vector machines (SVM). At maximum throughput, our proposed RRAM architecture achieves …
Sanity-check: Boosting the reliability of safety-critical deep neural network applications | E Ozen, A Orailoglu - 2019 IEEE 28th Asian Test Symposium  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The widespread usage of deep neural networks in autonomous driving necessitates a  consideration of the safety arguments against hardware-level faults. This study confirms the  possible catastrophic impact of hardware-level faults on DNN accuracy; the consequent need for …
Integrating Peripheral Interaction Into Augmented Reality Applications | OA Schipor, RD Vatavu, W Wu - … IEEE International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We address in this paper software architecture design to enable peripheral interactions in  Augmented Reality applications. To this end, we rely on SAPIENS, a recently introduced  software architecture for engineering peripheral interactions in smart environments, which we …
Netadapt: Platform-aware neural network adaptation for mobile applications | TJ Yang, A Howard, B Chen, X Zhang… - … on Computer …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | This work proposes an algorithm, called NetAdapt, that automatically adapts a pre-trained deep  neural network to a mobile platform given a resource budget. While many existing algorithms  simplify networks based on the number of MACs or weights, optimizing those indirect …
RISP: a reconfigurable in-storage processing framework with energy-awareness | X Song, T Xie, W Pan - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Existing in-storage processing (ISP) techniques mainly focus on maximizing data processing  rate by always utilizing total storage data processing resources for all applications. We find  that this "always running in full gear" strategy wastes energy for some applications with a low …
A network-centric hardware/algorithm co-design to accelerate distributed training of deep neural networks | Y Li, J Park, M Alian, Y Yuan, Z Qu… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … NIC architecture. To evaluate our system in a real world setting, we implement our accelerators  on a Xilinx VC709 evaluation board [33] that offers … Besides, our framework implements  diverse distributed training architectures and communication algorithms using various types of …
Fault site pruning for practical reliability analysis of GPGPU applications | B Nie, L Yang, A Jog, E Smirni - … /ACM International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This section provides a brief overview of the baseline GPU architecture and applications,  followed by a description on the basics of the … For the analysis purposes, faults are injected  at various levels (eg, application- or micro-architecture-level) and the effects of bit flips are …
Hawq-v3: Dyadic neural network quantization | Z Yao, Z Dong, Z Zheng, A Gholami… - International …, 2021 - proceedings.mlr.press | Current low-precision quantization algorithms often have the hidden cost of conversion back  and forth from floating point to quantized integer values. This hidden cost limits the latency  improvement realized by quantizing Neural Networks. To address this, we present HAWQ-V3, …
Mont-Blanc 2020: Simulation Efforts Towards Exascale High Performance Computing: Embedded Tutorial on" DDECS-2020" | A Nocua, S Derradji, G Vaumourin… - … 23rd International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … gem5 is an open source, modular platform for computer-system architecture that is flexible  and highly configurable. It can model a whole system architecture as it includes different models  for the cores and the memory hierarchy. The objective of this tutorial, is to present in a our …
A first look at deep learning apps on smartphones | M Xu, J Liu, Y Liu, FX Lin, Y Liu, X Liu - The World Wide Web …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | To bridge the knowledge gap between research and practice, we present the first empirical  study on 16,500 the most popular Android apps, demystifying how smartphone apps exploit  deep learning in the wild. To this end, we build a new static tool that dissects apps and …
An fpga-based cnn accelerator integrating depthwise separable convolution | B Liu, D Zou, L Feng, S Feng, P Fu, J Li - Electronics, 2019 - mdpi.com | … fully developing the single-layer network structure, we design the system architecture in the  single computation engine mode, as shown in Figure 3. … In Proceedings of the 19th international  conference on Parallel architectures and compilation techniques, Vienna, Austria, 11–15 …
Extensor: An accelerator for sparse tensor algebra | K Hegde, H Asghari-Moghaddam, M Pellauer… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We review the key details of tensor algebra that are relevant to computer architecture and  our proposed approach. For additional information see [27]. When possible, we use  terminology and mathematical notation from the TACO tensor algebra compiler [26]. …
Slate: Enabling Workload-Aware Efficient Multiprocessing for Modern GPGPUs | T Allen, X Feng, R Ge - … International Parallel and Distributed …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … MPS uses time-slicing on early architectures and has added spatial sharing on more recent  architectures including Pascal and Volta [14]. While MPS extends … However, GPU resource  sharing is non-trivial, and we face several challenges to realize it on today’s architectures. …
Evaluation of Reliability in Component-Based System Using Architecture Topology | F Bistouni, M Jahanshahi - … the Institute of Electronics and Computer, 2020 - iecscience.org | … reliabilities and the application architecture are the basement of the estimation of the  application reliability which known as architecture-… Here, we reviewed the most important  works in the field of architecture-based system reliability analysis, which have been performed as …
Parameterized posit arithmetic hardware generator | R Chaurasiya, J Gustafson, R Shrestha… - … 36th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Ultimately, some of the major computer architecture vendors have decided to drop IEEE  compliance while supporting arbitrary precision arithmetic, something not even mentioned in  the IEEE 754-2008 technical standard document [6]. Despite several efforts in the literature by …
A machine learning approach for productive data locality exploitation in parallel computing systems | E Kayraklioglu, E Favry… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Data locality is of extreme importance in programming distributed-memory architectures due  to its implications on latency and energy consumption. Automated compiler and runtime  system optimization studies have attempted to improve data locality exploitation without …
Server selection, configuration and reconfiguration technology for IaaS cloud with multiple server types | Y Yamato - Journal of Network and Systems Management, 2018 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 40th Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA’13),  pp. 36–47, June 2013 … Service composition architecture for programmability and flexibility  in ubiquitous communication networks. IEEE International Symposium on Applications …
