A data-driven method for future Internet route decision modeling | Z Tian, S Su, W Shi, X Du, M Guizani, X Yu - … Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … With appropriate feature size setup, the prediction accuracy could be improved by 8 … feature  size, we use the trained route classifier for route decision of our model, and achieve an accuracy  of 94% (92% for AS23673). Compared to the AS business relationship model, our model …
Edge cognitive computing based smart healthcare system | M Chen, W Li, Y Hao, Y Qian, I Humar - … Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … and computer technologies, the healthcare system has seen a surge of interest from both the  academia and industry. However, most healthcare systems … and management of networks  and services, as well as measurement and modeling of network loads and energy efficiency. …
Distributed attack detection scheme using deep learning approach for Internet of Things | AA Diro, N Chilamkurti - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … system. The experiments have shown that our distributed attack detection system is superior  to centralized detection systems using deep learning model. It has also been demonstrated  that the deep model is more effective in attack detection than its shallow counter parts. …
IoT big data analytics for smart homes with fog and cloud computing | A Yassine, S Singh, MS Hossain… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … of fog and cloud computing systems. To facilitate intelligence of the edge network in providing  robust analytics for IoT systems, the work in [32] … He has served as a member of the organizing  and technical committees of several international conferences and workshops. He has …
Security and trust issues in Fog computing: A survey | PY Zhang, MC Zhou, G Fortino - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Here, we show an example of a traffic light system to discuss the relationship between them  when dealing with latency. In a traffic light system without the Fog, there may be 3 ∼ 4 hops  from the monitoring probe to the server in the Cloud. Hence, real-time decisions cannot be …
Next generation cloud computing: New trends and research directions | B Varghese, R Buyya - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … computing looks like’ by charting out trends and directions for pursuing meaningful research  in developing next generation computing systems … Next generation computing systems will  integrate computing on the cloudlet to service local traffic and reduce network traffic towards …
A new architecture of Internet of Things and big data ecosystem for secured smart healthcare monitoring and alerting system | G Manogaran, R Varatharajan, D Lopez… - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Cleveland Heart Disease Database (CHDD) to train the prediction model. The performance  evaluation of the proposed health monitoring system was done with the help of Sensitivity;  Specificity; Precision; Recall and F-Measure. In addition, CPU usage and inter arrival time are …
Optimal deep learning model for classification of lung cancer on CT images | SK Lakshmanaprabu, SN Mohanty, K Shankar… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … The DBN model awards the system to deliver evident-starts based on its hidden units’  states which depicts the system conviction. The parameters of a DBN are the weights among  the units of layers in addition to the bias of layer. It is a principal challenging task to set up the …
Modelling and simulation of opportunistic IoT services with aggregate computing | R Casadei, G Fortino, D Pianini, W Russo… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … We classified Things in Computing Systems (conventional devices such as notebooks  and servers, exposing their computation functionalities locally or remotely on the Web), and  SOs, namely everyday objects augmented with sensing/actuation, processing, storing, and …
Recommender systems for large-scale social networks: A review of challenges and solutions | M Eirinaki, J Gao, I Varlamis, K Tserpes - … Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … In this work we focus on large-scale recommender systems that take advantage of the  characteristics of the … of size and speed of change of social graphs, test the scalability of traditional  recommender systems and/or present solutions that can take recommender systems to the …
… implementing artificial intelligence (AI) projects in Dubai Government United Arab Emirates (UAE) health sector: applying the extended technology acceptance model … | SFS Alhashmi, SA Salloum, S Abdallah - International Conference on …, 2019 - Springer | … While giving its history, [5] refers to artificial intelligence as the idea that inanimate objects are  made into intelligent beings that can reason like humans, some of human intelligence processes  that are simulated by computer systems include learning, reasoning, problem solving, …
Some models in the theory of computer viruses propagation | A Iliev, N Kyurkchiev, A Rahnev, T Terzieva - 2019 - researchgate.net | … cumulative sigmoid for propagation of some computer viruses and cumulative annual security  alert totals … 57 4.2 Using Z-Gh-B model for propagation of some computer viruses … Some  sigmoids with applications to epidemic models 5.1 On the exponential–generalized extended …
Serverless computing: An investigation of factors influencing microservice performance | W Lloyd, S Ramesh, S Chinthalapati… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … are able to decompose microservice application architecture to generate an architectural  model of the system given a GitHub repository and … To vary the degree of memory stress we  make the array size a service parameter. For each calculation, operands are referenced from a …
5G-enabled devices and smart-spaces in social-IoT: an overview | F Al-Turjman - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … He has received several recognitions and best papers’ awards at top international  conferences, and led a number of international symposia and workshops in flagship ComSoc  conferences. Recently, he published his book entitled: “Cognitive Sensors & IoT: Architecture, …
Low illumination underwater light field images reconstruction using deep convolutional neural networks | H Lu, Y Li, T Uemura, H Kim, S Serikawa - … Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … In this paper, we used a water tank with the size of 115 cm × 35 cm × 45 cm in a darkroom.  The Lytro Illum camera was set in front of the water tank with the distance of 75 cm. To  simulate the deep-sea environment, we put the black plastic plate around the water tank. …
A hybrid model of internet of things and cloud computing to manage big data in health services applications | M Elhoseny, A Abdelaziz, AS Salama, AM Riad… - … computer systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Accordingly, this paper proposes a new model to optimize virtual machines selection (VMs)  in cloud-IoT health services applications to … The proposed model aims to enhance the  performance of the healthcare systems by reducing the stakeholders’ request execution time, …
A robust human activity recognition system using smartphone sensors and deep learning | MM Hassan, MZ Uddin, A Mohamed… - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … He has served as a co-chair for technical symposia of international conferences, including  Globecom’16, Crowncom’15, … international conferences as a TPC member, including the IEEE  ICC, GLOBECOM, WCNC, LCN and PIMRC, and a technical reviewer for many international …
The role of big data analytics in industrial Internet of Things | MH ur Rehman, I Yaqoob, K Salah, M Imran… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … He has reviewed more than 150 articles for the top ISI–Indexed journals and conferences.  He has served as a technical program committee member for various international conferences.  He has/is served/serving as a guest editor in various Journals. He is also serving as an …
Efficient IoT-based sensor BIG Data collection–processing and analysis in smart buildings | AP Plageras, KE Psannis, C Stergiou, H Wang… - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … operating system named Contiki and an emulator called Cooja to simulate our proposed network  design in real time and take measurements for … He has several publications in international  Conferences, books chapters and peer reviewed journals. His professional interests are: …
Internet of things forensics: Recent advances, taxonomy, requirements, and open challenges | I Yaqoob, IAT Hashem, A Ahmed, SMA Kazmi… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … The experiments were performed using mobile phones, Windows-run computer systems,  Mac OS, Ubuntu, iOS, and Android devices. The results revealed that artifacts relating to log-in,  log-off, installation, uninstallation, and cloud synchronization metadata are recoverable. …
Internet of Things (IoT) and its impact on supply chain: A framework for building smart, secure and efficient systems | M Abdel-Basset, G Manogaran, M Mohamed - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … The integrated model of neutrosophic DEMATEL and AHP techniques for assessing  security criteria for SCM system presented in Section 5. For validating the proposed model we  solved a case study in Section 6. The conclusions and the future directions of the research …
A benchmark comparison of monocular visual-inertial odometry algorithms for flying robots | J Delmerico, D Scaramuzza - … IEEE International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper evaluates an array of publicly-available VIO pipelines (MSCKF, OKVIS, ROVIO,  VINS-Mono, SVO+MSF, and SVO+GTSAM) on different hardware configurations, including  several singleboard computer systems that are typically found on flying robots. The evaluation …
Dual-path rnn: efficient long sequence modeling for time-domain single-channel speech separation | Y Luo, Z Chen, T Yoshioka - … IEEE International Conference on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Although DPRNN can be applied to any systems that require longterm sequential modeling,  we investigate its application to the timedomain audio separation network (TasNet) [1, 4,  22], an adaptive front-end method that achieves high speech separation performance on a …
HealthFog: An ensemble deep learning based Smart Healthcare System for Automatic Diagnosis of Heart Diseases in integrated IoT and fog computing environments | S Tuli, N Basumatary, SS Gill, M Kahani… - … Computer Systems, 2020 - Elsevier | … as most countries still do not trust computer systems to be able to detect heart problems with  the required accuracy and explain-ability [20], [21]. Existing healthcare systems that are  deployed on IoT driven Fog or cloud computing frameworks connect pre-configured devices for …
Workload prediction in cloud using artificial neural network and adaptive differential evolution | J Kumar, AK Singh - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … guest editor/editorial board member of several international journal and organizing chair of  few international conferences. He is involved in reviewing process in different journals and  conferences such as; IEEE transaction of computer, IET, IEEE conference on ITC, ADCOM etc. …
Deepgauge: Multi-granularity testing criteria for deep learning systems | L Ma, F Juefei-Xu, F Zhang, J Sun, M Xue, B Li… - … ACM/IEEE International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … high accuracy of DL systems as a testing criterion, for which we show several caveats as  follows. First, measuring the software quality from … industry level application, we believe the  scalability up-to ImageNet-like or even larger data size and model size is almost indispensable. …
A novel and powerful framework based on neutrosophic sets to aid patients with cancer | M Abdel-Basset, M Mohamed - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - fs.unm.edu | … In this paper, we suggested IoT-based fog computing model for detecting and monitoring  cancer efficiently and in real time through using … This motivated us to use fog computing in  our healthcare system which combine edge devices and cloud resources. Also our model seeks …
An edge computing-enabled computation offloading method with privacy preservation for internet of connected vehicles | X Xu, Y Xue, L Qi, Y Yuan, X Zhang, T Umer… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … In this section, the system model for IoV in cloud–edge computing is designed and the  computation offloading problem with privacy … of Future Generation Computer System and as an  Associate Editor of the IEEE Access. He served as a TPC for the international conference FIT 15…
Optimal task assignment in mobile cloud computing by queue based ant-bee algorithm | V Sundararaj - Wireless Personal Communications, 2019 - Springer | … Tradeoff between performance improvement and energy saving in mobile cloud offloading  systems. In 2013 IEEE international conference … In Proceedings of the 1996 ACM SIGMETRICS  international conference on measurement and modeling of computer systems, New York, …
Rumor propagation is amplified by echo chambers in social media | D Choi, S Chun, H Oh, J Han, T Kwon - Scientific reports, 2020 - nature.com | … Inspired from this, we measure whether the selective exposure is observed in rumor echo  chambers identified in this paper. To this end, we first … Rumor cascades measurement  system. Our measurement system that crawls rumors, their associated tweets/retweets, and user …
Web traffic anomaly detection using C-LSTM neural networks | TY Kim, SB Cho - Expert Systems with Applications, 2018 - Elsevier | … Web traffic anomalies represent abnormal changes in time series traffic, and it is important  to perform detection quickly and accurately for the efficient operation of complex computer  networks systems. In this paper, we propose a C-LSTM neural network for effectively modeling …
Privacy-friendly platform for healthcare data in cloud based on blockchain environment | A Al Omar, MZA Bhuiyan, A Basu, S Kiyomoto… - … computer systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … We take 5 to 30 kb of data to analyze the encryption time of different data size. From the  resultant graph we can observe the rate of growth … increase of data size. Data sharing phase  of our system is variable and independent process, variable means that input size could vary for …
Blockchain use cases and their feasibility | K Zīle, R Strazdiņa - Applied Computer Systems, 2018 - sciendo.com | … As indicated in description, this model is intended for system vendors who propose  replacing existing systems with blockchain-based system to their clients and for evaluation  of test results of blockchain-based systems. At the moment of publishing (April 2017), this …
A deep learning approach for ECG-based heartbeat classification for arrhythmia detection | G Sannino, G De Pietro - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … The final results show that our model is not only more efficient than the state of the art in  terms of accuracy, but also competitive in terms of … The final results show that our model is not  only more efficient than the state of the art in terms of accuracy, but also competitive in terms of …
Privacy preservation in blockchain based IoT systems: Integration issues, prospects, challenges, and future research directions | MU Hassan, MH Rehmani, J Chen - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … Modern Internet of Things (IoT) systems are paving their path for a revolutionized world in  which majority of our objects of everyday use will … the challenge for a global privacy standard,  in: IEEE International Conference on Internet of Things for the Global Community, IoTGC, 2017…
Gait and tremor investigation using machine learning techniques for the diagnosis of Parkinson disease | E Abdulhay, N Arunkumar, K Narasimhan… - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … [19] used Range of Motion (ROM) extremities measured from goniometer, ROM of the spine  measured from functional axial rotation test ,… He has been invited as Conference Chair for  many international conferences at various places across the world. He has received various …
Towards the development of realistic botnet dataset in the internet of things for network forensic analytics: Bot-iot dataset | N Koroniotis, N Moustafa, E Sitnikova… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … We initially tested the model with a batch size of 1000, but due to poor performance, we  sought a different value. It was observed, that choosing a batch size of 100 records, the specificity  of the model was improved. In both cases, for the input and hidden layers, the activation …
Autonomic computation offloading in mobile edge for IoT applications | MGR Alam, MM Hassan, MZI Uddin, A Almogren… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … He has published over 100+ research papers in the journals and conferences of international  repute. He has served as, chair, and Technical Program Committee member in numerous  international conferences/workshops like IEEE HPCC, ACM BodyNets, IEEE ICME, IEEE …
Offloading in fog computing for IoT: Review, enabling technologies, and research opportunities | M Aazam, S Zeadally, KA Harras - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Compared to larger devices, such as a desktop computer, mobile phones still have limited  computation resources mainly due to the limitation of its physical size. As a result, energy  becomes limited as well, which means computation has to be offloaded to nearby resources that …
A computation offloading method over big data for IoT-enabled cloud-edge computing | X Xu, Q Liu, Y Luo, K Peng, X Zhang, S Meng… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … System model and problem formulation In this section, a system model in cloud-edge  computing is proposed to evaluate the execution … The element x m , i stands for the computation  offloading strategy of the computing task v m , i , which is measured as (1) x m , i = 0 , if v m , i is …
The many faces of robustness: A critical analysis of out-of-distribution generalization | D Hendrycks, S Basart, N Mu… - … /CVF International …, 2021 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Again contrary to a hypothesis from prior work [30], our findings show that the gains from  data augmentation on ImageNet-C generalize to both ImageNet-R and Real Blurry Images  serve as a resounding validation of using synthetic benchmarks to measure model robustness. …
Microsoft malware classification challenge | R Ronen, M Radu, C Feuerstein, E Yom-Tov… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … In the meantime, they inflict significant financial loss to users of computer systems. …  families, Microsoft provided the data science and security communities with a malware dataset  of unprecedented size. Here we summarize the many uses of this dataset, published to date. …
Automated identification of shockable and non-shockable life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias using convolutional neural network | UR Acharya, H Fujita, SL Oh, U Raghavendra… - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Segmented ECGs are processed by an eleven-layer convolutional neural network (CNN)  model. Our proposed system was 10-fold cross validated and achieved maximum accuracy,  sensitivity and specificity of 93.18%, 95.32% and 91.04% respectively. Its high performance …
NMCDA: A framework for evaluating cloud computing services | M Abdel-Basset, M Mohamed, V Chang - … Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … However, it can only model incomplete information and cannot model indeterminacy and  inconsistency which exists usually in real systems. The previous gapes motivated us to  represent the AHP for evaluating cloud services providers for the first time in neutrosophic …
Blockchain based hybrid network architecture for the smart city | PK Sharma, JH Park - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … size in our proposed model and compared it with another system. Fig. shows how the size of  a block affects the number of transactions per second in our proposed model… , or organizing  committee chair for many international conferences and workshops. He is a steering chair of …
A survey on the security of blockchain systems | X Li, P Jiang, T Chen, X Luo, Q Wen - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2020 - Elsevier | … Each transaction is replaced by a global ID, which will greatly reduce the broadcasted block  size, thereby further reducing the network … to the computing resources consumed by the  operation. However, it is difficult to accurately measure the consumption of computing resources …
Deep closest point: Learning representations for point cloud registration | Y Wang, JM Solomon - … IEEE/CVF International Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … of our learned model to help understand whether domain-specific and/or global features facilitate  rigid registration. … measuring the deviation of [RXY , tXY ] from ground truth for  synthetically-generated pairs of point clouds. We use the following loss function to measure our …
Edge computing: A survey | WZ Khan, E Ahmed, S Hakak, I Yaqoob… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … system also support machine-to-machine (M2M) publish/subscribe protocols. System security  constitutes a paramount issue of the pervasive computing system and … It is also challenging  to provide best-fit pricing models for heterogeneous Edge computing systems that can offer …
A simple framework for contrastive learning of visual representations | T Chen, S Kornblith, M Norouzi… - International …, 2020 - proceedings.mlr.press | … While similar findings hold for supervised learning (He et al., 2016), we find the gap between  supervised models and linear classifiers trained on unsupervised models shrinks as the model  size increases, suggesting that unsupervised learning benefits more from bigger models …
A novel trust mechanism based on fog computing in sensor–cloud system | T Wang, G Zhang, MZA Bhuiyan, A Liu, W Jia… - … Computer Systems, 2020 - Elsevier | … published more than 400 papers in various IEEE Transactions and prestige international  conference proceedings. He has served as an editor and guest editor for international journals  and as a PC chair and PC member/keynote speaker for several international conferences. …
A deep recurrent neural network based approach for internet of things malware threat hunting | H HaddadPajouh, A Dehghantanha, R Khayami… - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … To train our models, we use an IoT application dataset comprising 281 malware and 270  benign ware. Then, we evaluate the trained model using 100 new IoT malware samples (ie  not previously exposed to the model) with three different Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) …
Hat: Hardware-aware transformers for efficient natural language processing | H Wang, Z Wu, Z Liu, H Cai, L Zhu, C Gan… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … We apply K-means quantization to HAT and further reduce the model size. We initialize …  the model size by 25× with negligible BLEU loss compared to the Transformer-Big baseline (Table  7). Interestingly, the 8-bit model even has 0.1 higher BLEU than the full precision model, …
IoT based smart crop-field monitoring and automation irrigation system | RN Rao, B Sridhar - 2018 2nd International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … irrigation system. In order to providing the cloud based computing to system the precision level  has increases as suitable to use the system by farmer… Lv, “The application of soil temperature  measurement by lm35 temperature sensors,” International Conference on Electronic and …
Internet of Things: A survey on machine learning-based intrusion detection approaches | KAP da Costa, JP Papa, CO Lisboa, R Munoz… - Computer Networks, 2019 - Elsevier | … The increase in the number of Internet accesses and the emergence of new technologies,  such as the Internet of Things (IoT paradigm, are accompanied by new and modern attempts  to invade computer systems and networks. Companies are increasingly investing in studies to …
Survey of intrusion detection systems: techniques, datasets and challenges | A Khraisat, I Gondal, P Vamplew, J Kamruzzaman - Cybersecurity, 2019 - Springer | … This technique is used when a statistical normal profile is created for only one measure of  behaviours in computer systems. Univariate IDS … 3rd international conference on Frontiers of  intelligent computing: theory and applications (FICTA) 2014: volume 1. Springer International …
Long short term memory recurrent neural network (LSTM-RNN) based workload forecasting model for cloud datacenters | J Kumar, R Goomer, AK Singh - Procedia Computer Science, 2018 - Elsevier | … Peer-review under responsibility of the scientific committee of the 6th International Conference  on Smart Computing and Communications. … To measure the accuracy of model we computed  the mean squared error. Objective of the network is to minimize the mean square error as …
IoT-enabled smart grid via SM: An overview | F Al-Turjman, M Abujubbeh - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … He was a recipient of several recognitions and best papers’ awards at top international  conferences. He also received the prestigious Best Research Paper Award from Elsevier  COMCOM Journal for the last three years prior to 2018, in addition to the Top Researcher Award for …
Benchmarking distributed stream data processing systems | J Karimov, T Rabl, A Katsifodimos… - … 34th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … system under test and driver, in order to correctly represent the open world model of typical  stream processing deployments and can, therefore, measure system … In this work, we explain  that such a mediator system is a bottleneck and/or affect the measurements’ accuracy. Finally…
A novel big data analytics framework for smart cities | AMS Osman - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … Device related data are saved in the form of observations and measurements. Observations  correspond to general reported IoT events while measurements to more specific metrics  included in an observation (eg CO 2 measurements). On the other side, SN data are accessed in …
Deepphys: Video-based physiological measurement using convolutional attention networks | W Chen, D McDuff - … the European Conference on Computer …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Practical applications require measurements to be accurate even in the presence of large  … system for videobased measurement of heart and breathing rate using a deep convolutional  network. The system features a new motion representation based on a skin reflection model …
Collaborative handshaking approaches between internet of computing and internet of things towards a smart world: a review from 2009–2017 | LH Son, S Jha, R Kumar, JM Chatterjee… - … Systems, 2019 - Springer | … In Proceedings of the 2014 IEEE/ACM 7th international conference on utility and cloud  computing (pp. 836–841). IEEE … Life-cycle tracking system of home automation devices (LED  Bulbs). In 2015 International conference on green computing and internet of things (pp. 1582–…
Machine learning based big data processing framework for cancer diagnosis using hidden Markov model and GM clustering | G Manogaran, V Vijayakumar, R Varatharajan… - Wireless personal …, 2018 - Springer | … In this paper, we use a Bayesian hidden Markov model (HMM) with Gaussian Mixture (GM)  Clustering approach to model the DNA copy number change across the genome. The … In  IEEE 17th international conference on parallel and distributed systems (ICPADS) (pp. 473–480). …
Latent cross: Making use of context in recurrent recommender systems | A Beutel, P Covington, S Jain, C Xu, J Li… - … ACM International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … size of the model grows as more multiplications are needed. We embed each discrete  feature as a 20-dimensional vector, much larger than r (but we found the model’s accuracy to be  independent of this size… model continually approximates the data better as hidden layer size …
The effect of social media usage on students'e-learning acceptance in higher education: A case study from the United Arab Emirates | M Alghizzawi, M Habes, SA Salloum… - Int. J. Inf. Technol …, 2019 - academia.edu | … the measurement model (outer model) and the link between the potentially existing but not  evident constructs of the participants’ own selves. The proposed model was measured … This  is an extended version of a conference paper published by the International Conference on …
Task scheduling techniques in cloud computing: A literature survey | AR Arunarani, D Manjula, V Sugumaran - … Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … [45] propositioned a genetic algorithm for task scheduling on heterogeneous computing  systems by means of multiple priority queues (MPQGA). Moreover, Keshanchi et al. [46] have  explained an improved genetic algorithm for task scheduling in the cloud environments using …
Generative pretraining from pixels | M Chen, A Radford, R Child, J Wu… - International …, 2020 - proceedings.mlr.press | … Inspired by progress in unsupervised representation learning for natural language, we  examine whether similar models can learn useful … without labels, we find that a GPT-2 scale  model learns strong image representations as measured by linear probing, fine-tuning, and low-…
Ant colony optimization algorithm with internet of vehicles for intelligent traffic control system | PM Kumar, G Manogaran, R Sundarasekar… - Computer Networks, 2018 - Elsevier | … In order to overcome this issue, this paper proposes an effective traffic control system with the  help of IoV technology. The proposed … In addition, Fuzzy logic based traffic intensity  calculation function is proposed in this paper to model the heavy traffic. The proposed IoV based …
Cloud and IoT based disease prediction and diagnosis system for healthcare using Fuzzy neural classifier | PM Kumar, S Lokesh, R Varatharajan, GC Babu… - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … They calculated the prediction accuracy for their system by using the parameters such as  F-measure, specificity and sensitivity. Finally, … [1] proposed an intelligent medical diagnosing  system called neuro-fuzzy temporal knowledge representation model for predicting and …
A two-stage locality-sensitive hashing based approach for privacy-preserving mobile service recommendation in cross-platform edge environment | L Qi, X Zhang, W Dou, C Hu, C Yang, J Chen - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … As Pearson Correlation Coefficient (PCC) is often taken as the distance measurement in  various recommender systems, in this paper, we … in international journals and international  conferences. His research interests include workflow, cloud computing, and service computing. …
A survey on security and privacy issues of blockchain technology | AP Joshi, M Han, Y Wang - Mathematical foundations of computing, 2018 - aimsciences.org | … How convolutional neural networks see the world --- A survey of convolutional neural network  visualization methods … Distributed susceptibility: A challenge to persistence theory in infectious  disease models. Discrete & Continuous Dynamical Systems - B, 2009, 12 (4) : 865-882. …
DARPA's explainable artificial intelligence (XAI) program | D Gunning, D Aha - AI Magazine, 2019 - ojs.aaai.org | … to measure explanation effectiveness. While it would be convenient if a learned model’s  explainability could be measured automatically, an XAI system’… This requires humanin-the-loop  psychologic experiments to measure the user’s satisfaction, mental model, task performance, …
Security, privacy and trust of different layers in Internet-of-Things (IoTs) framework | A Tewari, BB Gupta - Future generation computer systems, 2020 - Elsevier | … in small size packets from one node to another. The concept of device to device  communication was first introduced by Bill Joy at World … Based on a general IoT system model,  we presented some objectives for holistic IoT trust management and indicated their supporting IoT …
Explaining explanations: An overview of interpretability of machine learning | LH Gilpin, D Bau, BZ Yuan, A Bajwa… - … 5th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … such as LIME are predictive: the proxy can be run and evaluated according to its faithfulness  to the original system. Proxy models can also be measured according to their model  complexity, for example, number of nonzero dimensions in a LIME model. Because the proxy …
Review on application of drone systems in precision agriculture | UMR Mogili, B Deepak - Procedia computer science, 2018 - Elsevier | … This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)  Peer-review under responsibility of the scientific committee of the International Conference  on Robotics and Smart Manufacturing. This is an open access article …
An overview on smart contracts: Challenges, advances and platforms | Z Zheng, S Xie, HN Dai, W Chen, X Chen… - … Computer Systems, 2020 - Elsevier | Smart contract technology is reshaping conventional industry and business processes. Being  embedded in blockchains, smart contracts enable the contractual terms of an agreement to  be enforced automatically without the intervention of a trusted third party. As a result, smart …
Attack and anomaly detection in IoT sensors in IoT sites using machine learning approaches | M Hasan, MM Islam, MII Zarif, MMA Hashem - Internet of Things, 2019 - Elsevier | … Setup are such attacks and anomalies which can cause an IoT system failure. In this paper,  performances of several machine learning models have been compared to predict attacks and  anomalies on the IoT systems accurately. The machine learning (ML) algorithms that have …
Malware classification with deep convolutional neural networks | M Kalash, M Rochan, N Mohammed… - … 9th IFIP International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Malware is malicious software (eg viruses, worms, trojan horses, and spyware) that damages  or performs harmful actions on computer systems [1]. In this Internet-age, many malware  attacks happen that pose serious security threats to financial institutions and everyday users. …
A review of technology acceptance and adoption models and theories | H Taherdoost - Procedia manufacturing, 2018 - Elsevier | … Peer-review under responsibility of the scientific committee of the 11th International  Conference Interdisciplinarity in Engineering. … problems with TPB model [21, 22]. First, the one’s  attitudes towards information technology will not be largely relevant if a computer system is not …
Big data for internet of things: a survey | M Ge, H Bangui, B Buhnova - Future generation computer systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … While the paper search is not limited to specific outlets, such as certain journals or  conference proceedings, the academic disciplines of collected papers are scoped to computer  science, information systems, computer networks and communications. In order to conduct an …
The highd dataset: A drone dataset of naturalistic vehicle trajectories on german highways for validation of highly automated driving systems | R Krajewski, J Bock, L Kloeker… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, the current measurement methods fail to meet at least one of the requirements.  Thus, we propose a novel method to measure data … Our dataset consists of 16.5 hours of  measurements from six locations with 110 000 vehicles, a total driven distance of 45 000 km and …
Quantum-assisted quantum compiling | S Khatri, R LaRose, A Poremba, L Cincio… - Quantum, 2019 - quantum-journal.org | … on the quantum computer. More precisely, to ensure that QAQC scales well with problem size,  our cost involves not only the global overlap ${\… As a demonstration of QAQC, we compile  various one-qubit gates on IBM's and Rigetti's quantum computers into their respective native …
Wilds: A benchmark of in-the-wild distribution shifts | PW Koh, S Sagawa, H Marklund… - International …, 2021 - proceedings.mlr.press | … In this spirit, we hope that WILDS will facilitate the development of ML methods and models  that are robust to real-world distribution shifts … We evaluate model performance on unseen  countries by measuring accuracy at a fixed Intersection over Union (IoU) threshold, and …
Controllable and trustworthy blockchain-based cloud data management | L Zhu, Y Wu, K Gai, KKR Choo - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … Based on attack types, we define a main threat model that is User Collusion Attack Model  (UCAM). In this model, we assume that users have the opportunity to collude with each other  to modify documents to get invalid documents, then they conspire to malicious votes so that …
DÏoT: A federated self-learning anomaly detection system for IoT | TD Nguyen, S Marchal, M Miettinen… - … Computing Systems …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … model weights W1,...,Wn trained by associated number of data samples s1,...,sn. We define  the global model G which is aggregated from those local models … size) and we evaluated  the system’s performance for different numbers of clients involved in building the federated …
Video swin transformer | Z Liu, J Ning, Y Cao, Y Wei, Z Zhang, S Lin… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2021 - arxiv.org | … We observe that Swin-T with a temporal window size of 8 incurs only a small performance  drop of 0.3 compared to a temporal window size of 16 (temporally global), but with a 17%  relative decrease in computation (88 vs. 106). This indicates that temporal locality brings an …
Performance comparison of intrusion detection systems and application of machine learning to Snort system | SAR Shah, B Issac - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … This study investigates the performance of two open source intrusion detection systems (IDSs)  namely Snort and Suricata for accurately detecting the malicious traffic on computer  networks. Snort and Suricata were installed on two different but identical …
Technology Acceptance Model in M-learning context: A systematic review | M Al-Emran, V Mezhuyev, A Kamaludin - Computers & Education, 2018 - Elsevier | … other theories/models (N = 19). Moreover, the third highest category (N = 15) represents the  articles that used the TAM as a measurement model for predicting and examining the acceptance  and adoption of M-learning without any modifications to the original model. Furthermore…
Characterization of focal EEG signals: a review | UR Acharya, Y Hagiwara, SN Deshpande… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … To overcome the associated challenges, in this study a computer-aided detection (CAD)  system to aid in the detection of F EEG signals has been developed, and the performance of  nonlinear features for differentiating F and NF EEG signals is compared. Moreover, it is noted …
Computer vision algorithms and hardware implementations: A survey | X Feng, Y Jiang, X Yang, M Du, X Li - Integration, 2019 - Elsevier | … ” [1] in developing new techniques that lead the world entering promptly into the new artificial  intelligence (AI) era. Computer systems injected by the new AI techniques are intelligent to  perceive and understand the visual world, and even smarter than humans in a number of …
A systematic review of social media acceptance from the perspective of educational and information systems theories and models | N Al-Qaysi, N Mohamad-Nordin… - … Computing Research, 2020 - journals.sagepub.com | … Some of those factors were measured using an educational theory/model, while others  were measured using other IS theories/models. In terms of the educational theories-based  studies, different studies have used different educational theories to examine the social media …
Learning representations by maximizing mutual information across views | P Bachman, RD Hjelm, W Buchwalter - arXiv preprint arXiv:1906.00910, 2019 - arxiv.org | … Following our proposed approach, we develop a model which learns image representations  that significantly outperform prior methods on … On CIFAR10 and CIFAR100 we trained small  models with size parameters: (ndf=128, nrkhs=1024, ndepth=10), and large models with size …
xdeepfm: Combining explicit and implicit feature interactions for recommender systems | J Lian, X Zhou, F Zhang, Z Chen, X Xie… - … International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Here we compare several strong baselines which are not limited to individual models, and  the results are shown in Table 3. We observe that LR is far worse than all the rest models,  which demonstrates that factorization-based models are essential for measuring sparse features…
Advancements in image classification using convolutional neural network | F Sultana, A Sufian, P Dutta - … Fourth International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … SENet model. We have discussed the model description and training details of each model.  We have also drawn a comparison among those … In table I we have shown different layers,  size of the filter used in each convolution layer, output feature map size and the total number of …
Semantic image synthesis with spatially-adaptive normalization | T Park, MY Liu, TC Wang… - … Conference on Computer …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … ferent segmentation masks, and our model renders the corresponding landscape images.  Moreover, our model allows users to choose an external style image to control the global  appearances of the output image. We achieve it by replacing the input noise with the embedding …
Building, composing and experimenting complex spatial models with the GAMA platform | P Taillandier, B Gaudou, A Grignard, QN Huynh… - GeoInformatica, 2019 - Springer | … models able not only to better represent complex systems, but also answer more intricate  questions. In that respect, if all agent-based modeling platforms support the design of small to  mid-size models, ie models … to the design of large-scale models. GAMA is one of the latter. It …
Cluster and cloud computing framework for scientific metrology in flow control | Y Wang, J Li, HH Wang - Cluster Computing, 2019 - Springer | … of almost all computing facilities towards cloud networks. Precision of any computing  system [1, 2] depends upon the increasing number of input samples and the varieties given to  the core computing module. Also the quality of input also greatly influences the validity of the …
Tsm: Temporal shift module for efficient video understanding | J Lin, C Gan, S Han - … IEEE/CVF International Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … To study the effect of data movement, we first measured the inference latency of TSM models  and 2D baseline on different hardware devices. We shifted different proportion of the channels  and measured the latency. We measured models with ResNet-50 backbone and 8-frame …
On security challenges and open issues in Internet of Things | K Sha, W Wei, TA Yang, Z Wang, W Shi - … Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Compared to traditional computing systems, IoT systems have more inherent vulnerabilities,  and meanwhile, could have higher security requirements. However, the current design of IoT  does not effectively address the higher security requirements posed by those vulnerabilities…
R2p2: A reparameterized pushforward policy for diverse, precise generative path forecasting | N Rhinehart, KM Kitani… - … Conference on Computer …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | We propose a method to forecast a vehicle's ego-motion as a distribution over spatiotemporal  paths, conditioned on features (eg, from LIDAR and images) embedded in an overhead map.  The method learns a policy inducing a distribution over simulated trajectories that is both …
Research on image retrieval algorithm based on combination of color and shape features | X Zenggang, T Zhiwen, C Xiaowen, Z Xue-min… - … processing systems, 2021 - Springer | … In section 4, we introduce the method of similarity measure. In section 5, we introduce the  steps of the algorithm in this paper. In section 6, we introduce the experimental … In 2014 14th  international conference on intelligent systems design and applications (pp. 30–33). IEEE. …
A general pipeline for 3d detection of vehicles | X Du, MH Ang, S Karaman… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … require a substantial number of models in order to cover all possible cases. In our approach,  only three models are used and the occlusion pattern is assigned online when doing model  fitting. … The pipeline also takes advantage of point clouds in 3D measurements. An effective …
A survey on deep transfer learning | C Tan, F Sun, T Kong, W Zhang, C Yang… - International conference on …, 2018 - Springer | … An interesting phenomenon can be found that the scale of the model and the size of the  required amount of data has a almost linear relationship. An … Wasserstein distance proposed  by [2] can be used as a new distance measurement of domains to find better mapping. …
The liver tumor segmentation benchmark (lits) | P Bilic, PF Christ, E Vorontsov, G Chlebus… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … a set of Gaussians with manual seeded 3D region growing[98], manual seeded 2D region  growing utilizing size and shape constraints[99], and fuzzy c-means clustering on manual  selected slices with segmentation refinement using hidden markov measure field models[100]. …
Self-supervised sparse-to-dense: Self-supervised depth completion from lidar and monocular camera | F Ma, GV Cavalheiro, S Karaman - … International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we have developed a deep regression model for depth completion of sparse  LiDAR measurements. Our model achieves state-of-the-art performance on the KITTI depth  completion benchmark, and outperforms existing published work by a significant margin at the …
YOLO-LITE: a real-time object detection algorithm optimized for non-GPU computers | R Huang, J Pedoeem, C Chen - … IEEE International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—This paper focuses on YOLO-LITE, a real-time object detection model developed  to run on portable devices such as a laptop or cellphone lacking a Graphics Processing Unit  (GPU). The model was first trained on the PASCAL VOC dataset then on the COCO dataset, …
Training data-efficient image transformers & distillation through attention | H Touvron, M Cord, M Douze, F Massa… - International …, 2021 - proceedings.mlr.press | … The throughput is measured as the number of images that we can process per second on  one 16GB V100 GPU: we take the largest possible batch size and average the processing time  over 30 runs. We focus on the popular EfficientNet convnet, which has benefited from years …
The use of photoplethysmography for assessing hypertension | M Elgendi, R Fletcher, Y Liang, N Howard… - NPJ digital …, 2019 - nature.com | The measurement of blood pressure (BP) is critical to the treatment and management of many  medical conditions. High blood pressure is associated with many chronic disease conditions,  and is a major source of mortality and morbidity around the world. For outpatient care as …
From blockchain consensus back to Byzantine consensus | V Gramoli - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2020 - Elsevier | … The general proof-of-work blockchain model In this section we model a simple distributed  system as a communication graph that implements a blockchain abstraction as a directed  acyclic graph. We propose a high-level pseudocode representation of proof-of-work blockchain …
Social welfare maximization auction in edge computing resource allocation for mobile blockchain | Y Jiao, P Wang, D Niyato… - … international conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We represent the size of transactions of each miner by s = (s1,...,s𝑁 ). When miner i propagates  its block to the mobile blockchain network … the maximum quantity of computing resources  that ESP can offer denoted by D. Based on the above system model, we first consider a …
A secure authenticated and key exchange scheme for fog computing | CM Chen, Y Huang, KH Wang, S Kumari… - … Information Systems, 2021 - Taylor & Francis | … In Section 3, we present the adversary model and then briefly review Jia et al.’s schemes. In  Section 4, we describe the proposed scheme. In Sections 5 and 6, we describe … Before  describing their scheme, we first characterise the attacker model used in this paper. Assume that …
Fog computing: from architecture to edge computing and big data processing | SP Singh, A Nayyar, R Kumar, A Sharma - The Journal of Supercomputing, 2019 - Springer | Cloud computing plays a vital role in processing a large amount of data. However, with the  arrival of the Internet of Things, huge data are generated from these devices. Thus, there is the  need for bringing characteristics of cloud closer to the request generator, so that processing …
Stgat: Modeling spatial-temporal interactions for human trajectory prediction | Y Huang, HK Bi, Z Li, T Mao… - … International Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … against all baseline models as well as our model with multiple control settings. The results  show that our method outperforms all compared methods on all datasets in terms of ADE and  FDE. The best baseline method that has the lowest average prediction error is SGAN-20V-20…
Internet-of-Things and big data for smarter healthcare: From device to architecture, applications and analytics | F Firouzi, AM Rahmani, K Mankodiya… - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … , Runtime Resource Management, Healthcare Internet of Things, and Fog/Edge Computing.  He has served on a large number of technical program committees of international conferences,  such as DATE, DFT, ESTIMedia, CCNC, MobiHealth, and others, and guest editor for …
Enabling technologies for fog computing in healthcare IoT systems | AA Mutlag, MK Abd Ghani, N Arunkumar… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … A fog computing system architecture was proposed in order to validate and evaluate sensed  raw health data. In this process, embedded computing instances were constrained by resources  [23]. The identification of the important patterns was performed through instances and …
Be your own teacher: Improve the performance of convolutional neural networks via self distillation | L Zhang, J Song, A Gao, J Chen… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Instead of implementing two steps in traditional distillation, that is first, to train a large  teacher model, and second, to distill the knowledge from it to the student model, we propose  a one-step self distillation framework whose training points directly at the student model. The …
Secure medical data transmission model for IoT-based healthcare systems | M Elhoseny, G Ramírez-González… - Ieee …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper proposes a hybrid security model for securing the diagnostic text data in  medical images. The proposed model is developed through integrating either 2D Discrete  Wavelet Transform 1 Level (2D-DWT-1L) or 2D Discrete Wavelet Transform 2 Level (2D-DWT-2L) …
Unsupervised pre-training of image features on non-curated data | M Caron, P Bojanowski, J Mairal… - … IEEE/CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Influence of dataset size and number of clusters. To measure the influence of the number  of images on features, we train models with 1M, 4M, 20M, and 96M images and report their  accuracy on the validation set of the Pascal VOC 2007 classification task (FC68 setting). We …
Scaffold: Stochastic controlled averaging for federated learning | SP Karimireddy, S Kale, M Mohri… - International …, 2020 - proceedings.mlr.press | … By having a larger global step-size ηg, we can use a smaller local stepsize ηl thereby  reducing the client-drift while still ensuring progress. … Adaptive federated learning in resource  constrained edge computing systems. IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Communications, 37(6):…
Nerv: Neural representations for videos | H Chen, B He, H Wang, Y Ren… - … Processing Systems, 2021 - proceedings.neurips.cc | … Specifically, we use model pruning and quantization to reduce the model size without  significantly deteriorating the performance. … Model Pruning. Given a neural network fit on a video,  we use global unstructured pruning to reduce the model size first. Based on the magnitude of …
Wide neural networks of any depth evolve as linear models under gradient descent | J Lee, L Xiao, S Schoenholz, Y Bahri… - … processing systems, 2019 - papers.nips.cc | … Our empirical simulations confirm that the result accurately models the variation in predictions  across an ensemble of finite-width models … the size of the dataset. Thus, although error  grows with dataset this can be counterbalanced by a corresponding increase in the model size. …
Variational adversarial active learning | S Sinha, S Ebrahimi, T Darrell - … International Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Therefore, instead of explicitly measuring uncertainty, we aim to choose points that would  yield high uncertainty and thus are samples that are … Effect of budget size on performance.  Figure 5 illustrates the effect of the budget size on our model compared to the most competitive …
Pifu: Pixel-aligned implicit function for high-resolution clothed human digitization | S Saito, Z Huang, R Natsume… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … model space, we measure the average point-to-surface Euclidean distance (P2S) in cm from  the vertices on the reconstructed surface to the ground truth. We also measure … In addition,  we introduce the normal reprojection error to measure the fineness of reconstructed local …
Few-shot adversarial learning of realistic neural talking head models | E Zakharov, A Shysheya, E Burkov… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … In the experiments, we provide comparisons of talking heads created by our system with  alternative neural talking head models [16, 40] via quantitative measurements and a user  study, where our approach generates images of sufficient realism and personalization fidelity to …
Intrusion detection systems for IoT-based smart environments: a survey | MF Elrawy, AI Awad… - … Computing, 2018 - journalofcloudcomputing … | … This section also highlights the importance of cloud computing systems for IoT-based smart  environments and the challenges of applying this combination of systems in the real world.  Definitions, goals and challenges related to smart environments, with a focus on smart cities, …
Hawq: Hessian aware quantization of neural networks with mixed-precision | Z Dong, Z Yao, A Gholami… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … 1MB model size … model, our approach results in higher accuracy of 75.48% with smaller  model size of 7.96MB, as compared to HAQ method with top-1 of 75.30% and 9.22MB [38].  Furthermore, our method applied to SqueezeNext can result in an unprecedented 1MB model size …
Autoware on board: Enabling autonomous vehicles with embedded systems | S Kato, S Tokunaga, Y Maruyama… - … 9th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The experimental results show that the execution latency imposed on the DRIVE PX2  platform is capped at about three times as much as that on a high-end laptop computer. We  believe that this observed computing performance is even acceptable for realworld production of …
Sentiment analysis of Chinese micro-blog text based on extended sentiment dictionary | S Zhang, Z Wei, Y Wang, T Liao - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … In this article, the constructed dictionaries are introduced into the ICTCLAS word segmentation  system. ICTCLAS is the research result of Institute of computing technology, Chinese  Academy of Sciences. The main functions include Chinese word segmentation, POS tagging, …
Graph convolutional networks for temporal action localization | R Zeng, W Huang, M Tan, Y Rong… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … model … size Ns affects the final performance. Table 7 reports the testing mAPs corresponded  to different Ns varying from 1 to 5 (and also 10). The training time per iteration is also added  in Table 7. We observe that when Ns = 4 the model achieves higher mAP than the full model (…
Evaluation of bidirectional LSTM for short-and long-term stock market prediction | KA Althelaya, ESM El-Alfy… - … international conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recently, there has been a rapidly growing interest in deep learning research and their  applications to real-world problems. In this paper, we aim at evaluating and comparing LSTM  deep learning architectures for short-and long-term prediction of financial time series. This …
Industry 4.0: A solution towards technology challenges of sustainable business performance | M Haseeb, HI Hussain, B Ślusarczyk, K Jermsittiparsert - Social Sciences, 2019 - mdpi.com | … Structures and processes are also measured as the process by which organizational  movement takes place. Insufficient or unsuitable … Figure 7 shows the measurement model  assessment in which all items have loadings above 0.7. Table 3 shows the factor loadings. Table …
Deep learning recommendation model for personalization and recommendation systems | M Naumov, D Mudigere, HJM Shi, J Huang… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … models and characterize its performance on the Big Basin AI platform, demonstrating its  usefulness as a benchmark for future algorithmic experimentation and system co… So far, we  have described different models used in recommendation systems and predictive analytics. Let us …
Singan: Learning a generative model from a single natural image | TR Shaham, T Dekel, T Michaeli - … International Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … We introduce SinGAN, an unconditional generative model that can be learned from a single  natural image. Our model is trained to capture the … This allows generating new samples of  arbitrary size and aspect ratio, that have significant variability, yet maintain both the global struc…
Depth completion from sparse lidar data with depth-normal constraints | Y Xu, X Zhu, J Shi, G Zhang… - … IEEE/CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Figure 1: From sparse LiDAR measurements and color images (ab), our model first infers the  maps of coarse depth and normal (cd), and then … Moreover, to address the noises in practical  LiDAR measurements (g), we employ a decoder branch to predict the confidences (h) of …
Identifying pneumonia in chest X-rays: a deep learning approach | AK Jaiswal, P Tiwari, S Kumar, D Gupta, A Khanna… - Measurement, 2019 - Elsevier | … 0.00105 for training, the overall training time is 11.2 h for 20 epochs with batch size and  image size of 16 and 512 × 512. Initially, we trained our model on positive images only followed  by fine-tuning the model on all images, in which the foreground IoU threshold sets to 0.3. We …
Toward practical privacy-preserving analytics for IoT and cloud-based healthcare systems | S Sharma, K Chen, A Sheth - IEEE Internet Computing, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Modern healthcare systems now rely on advanced computing methods and technologies,  such as Internet of Things (IoT) devices and clouds, to collect and analyze personal health  data at an unprecedented scale and depth. Patients, doctors, healthcare providers, and …
Personalized federated learning with theoretical guarantees: A model-agnostic meta-learning approach | A Fallah, A Mokhtari… - … Processing Systems, 2020 - proceedings.neurips.cc | … In Federated Learning, we aim to train models across multiple computing units (users), while  users can only communicate with a common central server, without exchanging their data  samples. This mechanism exploits the computational power of all users and allows users to …
A guide to deep learning in healthcare | A Esteva, A Robicquet, B Ramsundar, V Kuleshov… - Nature medicine, 2019 - nature.com | … We describe how these computational techniques can impact a few key areas of medicine  and explore how to build end-to-end systems. Our discussion of computer vision focuses  largely on medical imaging, and we describe the application of natural language processing to …
Variational convolutional neural network pruning | C Zhao, B Ni, J Zhang, Q Zhao… - … /CVF Conference on …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … we perform channel removal on different CNN models up to 74% reduction, which results in  significant size reduction and computation saving. For … When we turn up the threshold for  smaller size model, the performance becomes worse. Therefore, to achieve a trade-off between …
Identifying facial phenotypes of genetic disorders using deep learning | Y Gurovich, Y Hanani, O Bar, G Nadav, N Fleischer… - Nature medicine, 2019 - nature.com | … , making computerized systems as a reference increasingly important. … measure top-K  accuracy, where K = 1, 5 or 10 (the percentage of images where the model predicted the correct  syndrome within the top 1, 5 or 10 results out of 216 possible syndromes). In order to measure …
The role of modern media technology in improving collaborative learning of students in Jordanian universities | M Habes, SA Salloum, M Alghizzawi… - Int. J. Inf. Technol. Lang …, 2018 - academia.edu | … models and measurements in this study. The link among the latent constructs is indicative of  the structural model, while the relationship between the indicators themselves refers to the  measurement … correlation between the constructs in the measurement model, the conditions of …
Data collection from WSNs to the cloud based on mobile Fog elements | T Wang, J Zeng, Y Lai, Y Cai, H Tian, Y Chen… - … Computer Systems, 2020 - Elsevier | The powerful computing and storage capability of cloud computing can inject new vitality into  wireless sensor networks (WSNs) and have motivated a series of new applications. However,  data collection from WSNs to the Cloud is a bottleneck because the poor communication …
A machine learning model for improving healthcare services on cloud computing environment | A Abdelaziz, M Elhoseny, AS Salama, AM Riad - Measurement, 2018 - Elsevier | … , a new model for chronic kidney disease (CKD) diagnosis and prediction is proposed to  measure the performance of our VMs model. The … This section describes the architecture of  the proposed cloud computing model for HCS. It consists of four components are stakeholders’ …
Deep convolutional neural networks for breast cancer histology image analysis | A Rakhlin, A Shvets, V Iglovikov, AA Kalinin - International conference …, 2018 - Springer | … For each combination of the encoder, crop size and scale we train 10 gradient boosting  models per fold. This allows us to increase the diversity of the models with limited data (bagging).  Furthermore, we recycle each dataset 5 times with different random seeds in LightGBM …
A content-based recommender system for computer science publications | D Wang, Y Liang, D Xu, X Feng, R Guan - Knowledge-Based Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … more papers are being submitted to computer science journals and conferences. To help  authors decide … Conferences Recommender System on computer science, as well as its web  service at http://www.keaml.cn/prs/. This system recommends suitable journals or conferences …
SecTrust-RPL: A secure trust-aware RPL routing protocol for Internet of Things | D Airehrour, JA Gutierrez, SK Ray - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … There should be acceptable network performance measurement. In this study, packet loss  rates are measured to determine how well our proposed system can deliver good network  performance while isolating attacks in comparison to the standard RPL protocol. Other network …
Squeezeseg: Convolutional neural nets with recurrent crf for real-time road-object segmentation from 3d lidar point cloud | B Wu, A Wan, X Yue, K Keutzer - … IEEE International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Therefore, for each point, we limit the kernel size to a small region of 3 × 5 on the input  tensor. We then filter the initial probability map … a SqueezeSeg model on the KITTI training  set, without using intensity measurements, and validated on the KITTI validation set. The model’…
Minimizing cost and makespan for workflow scheduling in cloud using fuzzy dominance sort based HEFT | X Zhou, G Zhang, J Sun, J Zhou, T Wei, S Hu - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … Section 2 introduces system models and Section 3 defines our concerned workflow  scheduling problem. Section 4 describes our proposed FDHEFT algorithm to solve the problem  and Section 5 validates the effectiveness of FDHEFT. Concluding remarks are given in Section 6. …
Centralized fog computing security platform for IoT and cloud in healthcare system | C Thota, R Sundarasekar, G Manogaran… - Fog computing …, 2018 - igi-global.com | … of IoT based healthcare system deployed in Cloud environment. The proposed platform  uses Fog Computing environment to run the … Hence, high end devices and scalable storage  systems are needed to store such huge size of data. The amount of data to be stored and …
Learning continuous hierarchies in the lorentz model of hyperbolic geometry | M Nickel, D Kiela - International Conference on Machine …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … Lastly, we apply our model to discover hierarchies in two real-world datasets: we show  that an embedding in hyperbolic space can reveal important aspects of a company’s  organizational structure as well as reveal historical relationships between language families. …
Pelee: A real-time object detection system on mobile devices | RJ Wang, X Li, CX Ling - arXiv preprint arXiv:1804.06882, 2018 - arxiv.org | … All our models in this section are trained by PyTorch with mini-batch size 256 for 120  epochs. We follow most of the training settings and hyper-parameters used in ResNet on  ILSVRC 2012. Table 2 shows the effects of various design choices on the performance. …
The evolved transformer | D So, Q Le, C Liang - International Conference on Machine …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … size was not the best way to grow ET from the “base” size we searched over to a larger size.  … To mitigate the size of our space and the cost of training child models, we proposed using  … warm starting, seeding our initial population with a known strong model, the Transformer. …
Modeling task relationships in multi-task learning with multi-gate mixture-of-experts | J Ma, Z Zhao, X Yi, J Chen, L Hong… - … International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … model is used to learn a ranking algorithm for video recommendation. Similar to these prior  works, we evaluate our modeling approach on a realworld large-scale recommendation system…  Shared-Bottom model, we still set the tower network as a single-layer network with size=8. …
Applying various hybrid intelligent systems to evaluate and predict slope stability under static and dynamic conditions | M Koopialipoor, DJ Armaghani, A Hedayat, A Marto… - Soft Computing, 2019 - Springer | … models, the optimum number of generation was applied as 500. In the final step, a series of  hybrid GA-ANN models (Table 3) were created in order to determine the best population size  (among size … (ranking and CIR systems) showed that population size of 250 with total rank of …
Generative adversarial networks for extreme learned image compression | E Agustsson, M Tschannen, F Mentzer… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Following image translation works [20, 44], we therefore measure the capacity of our SC  models to preserve the image semantics in the synthesized regions and plausibly blend them  with the preserved regions—the objective SC models are actually trained for. Specifically, we …
Deep recurrent neural network for intrusion detection in sdn-based networks | TA Tang, L Mhamdi, D McLernon… - … 4th IEEE Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Scikit-learn library [26] is used to implement the SVM algorithm and measure all the  evaluation metrics. The detail of our models can be seen in Table I. … When we increase  the size to over 64 switches, the throughput drops by about 4%. …
TrustChain: A Sybil-resistant scalable blockchain | P Otte, M de Vos, J Pouwelse - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2020 - Elsevier | … transactions per second due to limitations in the size of a block. Additionally, while … model  discussed in this section, a transaction can be considered as an interaction between multiple  agents. Before information about interactions can be exploited, we define an interaction model …
The impact of blockchain technology on business models–a taxonomy and archetypal patterns | J Weking, M Mandalenakis, A Hein, S Hermes… - Electronic Markets, 2020 - Springer | … model taxonomy and five archetypal business model patterns, we establish an understanding  of how blockchain technology can impact existing and new business models… We build on  all three levels of business models: real-world instances (cases), business model elements (…
Optimus: an efficient dynamic resource scheduler for deep learning clusters | Y Peng, Y Bao, Y Chen, C Wu, C Guo - … Thirteenth EuroSys Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … PerfOrator [53] builds a resource-toperformance model of big data queries by estimating  query size and profiling hardware, while we use high-level system modeling approach without  the knowledge about hardware or the internal details of a job. To map resources to training …
Ensuring fairness in machine learning to advance health equity | A Rajkomar, M Hardt, MD Howell… - Annals of internal …, 2018 - acpjournals.org | … This article describes how model design, biases in data, and the interactions of model  predictions with clinicians and patients may exacerbate … Traditionally, computer systems map  inputs to outputs according to manually specified “if–then” rules. With increasingly complex tasks, …
Blendcac: A blockchain-enabled decentralized capability-based access control for iots | R Xu, Y Chen, E Blasch, G Chen - … International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … computer systems, AC is the process that decides who is authorized to have what communication  rights on which objects with respect to some security models … scheme, two benchmark  models, RBAC and ABAC, are also implemented on the experimental web service system. All …
Pocket: Elastic ephemeral storage for serverless analytics | A Klimovic, Y Wang, P Stuedi, A Trivedi… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Pocket’s metadata plane manages data at the granularity of blocks, whose size is  configurable. We use a 64 KB block size in our deployment. Objects larger than the block size are  divided into blocks and distributed across storage servers, enabling Pocket to support arbitrary …
Finding an accurate early forecasting model from small dataset: A case of 2019-ncov novel coronavirus outbreak | SJ Fong, G Li, N Dey, RG Crespo… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … Fong has published over 450 international conference and peer-reviewed journal papers,  mostly in the areas of data mining, data stream mining, big data analytics, meta-heuristics  optimization algorithms, and their applications. He serves on the editorial boards of the Journal …
Covid-19 outbreak prediction with machine learning | SF Ardabili, A Mosavi, P Ghamisi, F Ferdinand… - Algorithms, 2020 - mdpi.com | … of existing models need to be improved. This paper presents a comparative analysis of  machine learning and soft computing models to … In other words, ML is the scientific study of  algorithms and statistical models used by computer systems that use patterns and inference to …
Agnostic federated learning | M Mohri, G Sivek, AT Suresh - International Conference on …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … k, mk the size of the sample available from that client and m the total sample size, intrinsically,  the centralized model is trained to minimize … We will denote by ̂Dk the empirical distribution  associated to sample Sk of size m drawn from Dm. The learner’s objective is to determine …
Interpretability beyond feature attribution: Quantitative testing with concept activation vectors (tcav) | B Kim, M Wattenberg, J Gilmer, C Cai… - International …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … The interpretation of deep learning models is a challenge due to their size, complexity, and  often opaque internal state. In addition, many systems, such as image classifiers, operate  on low-level features rather than high-level concepts. To address these challenges, we …
Within the lack of chest COVID-19 X-ray dataset: a novel detection model based on GAN and deep transfer learning | M Loey, F Smarandache, NE M Khalifa - Symmetry, 2020 - mdpi.com | … Three deep transfer models are selected in this research for investigation. The … the main  deep transfer model as it achieves 100% in testing accuracy and 99.9% in the validation accuracy.  All the performance measurement strengthens the obtained results through the research. …
A novel approach to predict shear strength of tilted angle connectors using artificial intelligence techniques | M Shariati, MS Mafipour, P Mehrabi, A Shariati… - … with Computers, 2021 - Springer | … The performance of AI models also depends on the computer system and the software …  employed so that a reasonable comparison between the models can be conducted. Moreover,  a … In: 3rd International conference on applied research in structural engineering and …
Parallel wavenet: Fast high-fidelity speech synthesis | A Oord, Y Li, I Babuschkin… - International …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … speaker models and thus had 30 layers in each flow. In Table 2 we show a comparison of such  a distilled parallel WaveNet model with two main baselines: a parametric and a concatenative  system. In the comparison, we use a number of English speakers from a single model (…
Understanding and reasoning about real-time cognitive, affective, and metacognitive processes to foster self-regulation with advanced learning technologies. | R Azevedo, M Taub, NV Mudrick - 2018 - psycnet.apa.org | … Panourgia, (Eds.), Proceedings of the 13th international conference on intelligent tutoring  systems—lecture notes in computer science … Panourgia, (Eds.), Proceedings of the 13th  international conference on intelligent tutoring systems—lecture notes in computer science 9684 (…
Car detection using unmanned aerial vehicles: Comparison between faster r-cnn and yolov3 | B Benjdira, T Khursheed, A Koubaa… - … 1st International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Tovar, “A serviceoriented cloud-based management system for the internet-of-drones,” in  2017 IEEE International Conference on Autonomous Robot Systems and Competitions,  ICARSC 2017, Coimbra, Portugal, April 26-28, 2017, pp. 329–335, 2017. …
IoT security: Review, blockchain solutions, and open challenges | MA Khan, K Salah - Future generation computer systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … A cluster coordinator contains an extended intrusion detection system together with the  leader nodes and sink nodes in upper layers of the WSN model. Similarly, the follower nodes  existing in lower layers of the WSN model are equipped with simple intrusion detection systems. …
Position-aware graph neural networks | J You, R Ying, J Leskovec - International Conference on …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … So far we have shown that P-GNNs are a family of models that differ from the existing GNN  models. Therefore, we compare variants of P-… P-GNN models can significantly outperform  GNN models in many tasks, and designing more expressive P-GNN models is an interesting …
Evaluating E-learning systems success: An empirical study | D Al-Fraihat, M Joy, J Sinclair - Computers in human behavior, 2020 - Elsevier | … In terms of the predictive relevance of the cross-validated communality, Q 2 values were  calculated through the measurement model's capability to assess the path model directly from  their own latent variable. The Q 2 values in Table 6 above show 8 with strong prediction power …
Aspect level sentiment classification with attention-over-attention neural networks | B Huang, Y Ou, KM Carley - International Conference on Social …, 2018 - Springer | Aspect-level sentiment classification aims to identify the sentiment expressed towards some  aspects given context sentences. In this paper, we introduce an attention-over-attention (AOA)  neural network for aspect level sentiment classification. Our approach models aspects and …
Rotation equivariant cnns for digital pathology | BS Veeling, J Linmans, J Winkens, T Cohen… - International Conference …, 2018 - Springer | … We also observe that the performance gap between our model and the baseline increases  when we limit the dataset size by removing WSIs. This seems to indicate that the performance  in the small-data regime benefits significantly from the sample efficiency of P4M-DenseNet, …
Identification of malicious activities in industrial internet of things based on deep learning models | ALH Muna, N Moustafa, E Sitnikova - Journal of Information security and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … In this study, we propose an effective Anomaly Detection System (ADS) for IICSs using  deep-learning models to address the drawback of FPRs as much as possible because these  models can automatically analyze raw network data to discover abnormal patterns efficiently. A …
A fourier perspective on model robustness in computer vision | D Yin, RG Lopes, J Shlens, ED Cubuk… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … To better quantify the relationship between frequency and robustness for various models  we measure the ratio of energy in the high and low frequency domain. For each corruption C,  we apply high pass filtering with bandwidth 27 (denote this operation by H(·)) on the delta of …
Learning to simulate complex physics with graph networks | A Sanchez-Gonzalez, J Godwin… - International …, 2020 - proceedings.mlr.press | … Here we present a machine learning framework and model implementation that can learn to  simulate a wide variety of challenging … systems in which fluids, rigid solids, and deformable  materials interact with one another. Our model also generalized well to much larger systems …
Multivariate time series imputation with generative adversarial networks | Y Luo, X Cai, Y Zhang, J Xu… - … International Conference …, 2018 - papers.neurips.cc | … Inspired by [41], we introduce a way to measure the degree of imputation fitness. We define  a two-part loss function to evaluate the fitness … Therefore, we measure the filling accuracies  of our proposed method and some other imputation methods indirectly. The hyper-parameters …
Fast and faster convergence of sgd for over-parameterized models and an accelerated perceptron | S Vaswani, F Bach, M Schmidt - … International Conference on …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … models, we show that the stochastic gradients of common loss functions satisfy a strong  growth condition. Under this condition, we prove that constant step-size … Given this weaker  condition, we prove that SGD with a constant step-size attains the deterministic convergence rate …
Personalized top-n sequential recommendation via convolutional sequence embedding | J Tang, K Wang - … of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Estimation (Adam) [13] for faster convergence, with a batch size of 100. To control model  complexity and avoid over- tting, we use two kinds of regularization methods: the L2 Norm is  applied for all model parameters and Dropout [27] technique with 50% drop ratio is used on fully…
Content based image retrieval-inspired by computer vision & deep learning techniques | K Mahantesh, S Rao - 2019 4th International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Extraction of the last but one fully connected layer from the GoogleNet CNN model for feature  representation and similarity measure. The … Surbhi Jain, Joydip Dhar, ”Image based search  engine using deep learning,” International conference on contemporary computing, IEEE, …
Training deep neural networks with 8-bit floating point numbers | N Wang, J Choi, D Brand, CY Chen… - … the 32nd International …, 2018 - papers.nips.cc | … Figure 4: Reliable model convergence results across a spectrum of models and datasets  using a chunk size of 64. FP8 is used for … Based on this insight, and for the ease of  hardware implementation, we use a chunk size of 64 for our experiments across all models. …
Blockiotintelligence: A blockchain-enabled intelligent IoT architecture with artificial intelligence | SK Singh, S Rathore, JH Park - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2020 - Elsevier | … In this research, evaluate the performance of object detection application with four  measurements; accuracy, security analysis, time delay, and computational complexity. Mean  precision accuracy of object detection measured using 5 and 10 Raspberry Pis and observed that …
Convolutional-recurrent neural networks for speech enhancement | H Zhao, S Zarar, I Tashev… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … model structures, we build a model that is more data-efficient and achieves better generalization  on both seen and unseen noise. Based on experiments with synthetic data, we demonstrate  that our model … Specifically, our model leads up to a 0.6 improvement of PESQ measure […
Structure-aware Mashup service Clustering for cloud-based Internet of Things using genetic algorithm based clustering algorithm | W Pan, C Chai - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … In this work, we adopt 3 external criteria to measure the quality of a clustering solution, namely  Precision, Recall, and F-Measure (ie, F 1 and F 5 ). To calculate these metrics, we should  establish a standard clustering result. In this work, we use the classification on the PWeb as …
Multimedia big data computing and Internet of Things applications: A taxonomy and process model | A Kumari, S Tanwar, S Tyagi, N Kumar… - … Network and Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … model for MMBD in IoT environment. Following the process model development, we  evaluate the process model using a case study. … , we have identified the research challenges  related to MMBD computing, to be addressed in this paper for an expanded model of MMBD …
Pytorch-biggraph: A large-scale graph embedding system | A Lerer, L Wu, J Shen, T Lacroix, L Wehrstedt… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … To investigate the effect of number of partitions, we partition Freebase nodes uniformly into  different numbers of partitions and measure model … In Proceedings of the 12th ACM SIGKDD  international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining, pp. 44–54. ACM, 2006. …
Data-driven smart manufacturing | F Tao, Q Qi, A Liu, A Kusiak - Journal of Manufacturing Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … In the information age, data was stored in computer systems and managed by information  systems. For example, customer data (eg, home address, phone number, demographics), sales  data (eg, type, quantity, price, and shipping date of finished products), supply chain data (eg…
Deep Learning With Edge Computing: A Review. | J Chen, X Ran - Proc. IEEE, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , memory, energy, and other system resources can be helpful for the DNN model designer  or the application developer. These comparative measurements are typically presented in  research papers proposing new models, or in stand-alone measurement papers [17]. An …
Theoretically principled trade-off between robustness and accuracy | H Zhang, Y Yu, J Jiao, E Xing… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … We show that the robust error can in general be bounded tightly using two terms: one  corresponds to the natural error measured by a … To evaluate the robust error, we apply FGSMk  (white-box) attack with 20 iterations and the step size is 0.003. The results are in Table 4. …
Non-locally enhanced encoder-decoder network for single image de-raining | G Li, X He, W Zhang, H Chang, L Dong… - … international conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … As all of these methods use different data in training their models, we trained four versions  of our model based on the … deep model of the comparison methods on each specific training  set before evaluation. When evaluating on real-world data, we test four versions of the models …
Cloud-fog interoperability in IoT-enabled healthcare solutions | R Mahmud, FL Koch, R Buyya - … of the 19th international conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | The issue of utilizing Internet of Things (IoT) in Healthcare solutions relates to the problems  of latency sensitivity, uneven data load, diverse user expectations and heterogeneity of the  applications. Current explorations consider Cloud Computing as the base stone to create IoT-…
Representation learning on graphs with jumping knowledge networks | K Xu, C Li, Y Tian, T Sonobe… - International …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … 2017) that measure the influence of a training point on parameters, we study the range of  nodes whose features affect a given node’s … We measure the sensitivity of node x to node y,  or the influence of y on x, by measuring how much a change in the input feature of y affects the …
Intelligent intrusion detection systems using artificial neural networks | A Shenfield, D Day, A Ayesh - ICT Express, 2018 - Elsevier | … This is particularly problematic in the detection of malicious shell-code – a high impact threat  vector allowing attackers to obtain unauthorised commandline access to both conventional  computer systems and cyber–physical systems such as smart grid infrastructure – as …
Energy and policy considerations for deep learning in NLP | E Strubell, A Ganesh, A McCallum - arXiv preprint arXiv:1906.02243, 2019 - arxiv.org | … To estimate the even greater resources required to transfer an existing model to a new task  or develop new models, we perform a case study of the full computational resources required  for the development and tuning of a recent state-of-the-art NLP pipeline (Strubell et al., 2018…
Sequential recommender system based on hierarchical attention network | H Ying, F Zhuang, F Zhang, Y Liu, G Xu… - IJCAI International …, 2018 - opus.lib.uts.edu.au | … attention models that use the same context vectors for each input, we put the embedding u  of user u as the context vector and measure the … In this subsection, we study the influence  of regularization and embedding size in our model. Due to space limitation, we just show the …
In the shades of the uncanny valley: An experimental study of human–chatbot interaction | L Ciechanowski, A Przegalinska, M Magnuski… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | This project has been carried out in the context of recent major developments in botics and  more widespread usage of virtual agents in personal and professional sphere. The general  purpose of the experiment was to thoroughly examine the character of the human–non-human …
Type 2 diabetes mellitus prediction model based on data mining | H Wu, S Yang, Z Huang, J He, X Wang - Informatics in Medicine Unlocked, 2018 - Elsevier | … The main problems that we are trying to solve are to improve the accuracy of the prediction  model, and to make the model adaptive to … Moreover, our model ensures that the dataset  quality is sufficient. To further evaluate the performance of our model, we applied it to two other …
A survey of statistical model checking | G Agha, K Palmskog - ACM Transactions on Modeling and Computer …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In computer science, simulation and statistical inference have played a particularly important  role in assessing the performance and reliability of computer systems … Instead, we conjecture  that a model accurately represents the behavior of a system, and we then use this model to …
Multi-dimensional data indexing and range query processing via Voronoi diagram for internet of things | S Wan, Y Zhao, T Wang, Z Gu, QH Abbasi… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … He has 5 patents and more than 100 technical publications in international conferences and  journals. His papers have appeared in the prestigious journals/conferences in the domain,  including IEEE TMC, IEEE TVT, IEEE TOSC, ACM TOSN, ACM TETCI, Information Sciences, …
Learning implicit fields for generative shape modeling | Z Chen, H Zhang - … the IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Note that CNN-AE has fixed output size (643), yet our implicit model can be up-sampled  to arbitrarily high resolution by adjusting the sampling grid size. In Table 1, IM256 is the  same IM-AE model but sampled at 2563. Although CNN-AE beats IM-AE in nearly all five categories …
Understanding the Blockchain technology adoption in supply chains-Indian context | S Kamble, A Gunasekaran, H Arha - International Journal of …, 2019 - Taylor & Francis | … After performing the reliability, convergent and discriminant validity of the measurement  instruments the … the model fit of the measurement model to confirm the hypothesised structure.  The construct insecurity and the measurement item SN4 were not considered in the model. The …
Deep hough voting for 3d object detection in point clouds | CR Qi, O Litany, K He… - … International Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Model Size and Speed Our proposed model is very efficient since it leverages sparsity in  point clouds and avoids search in empty space. Compared to previous best methods (Table  4), our model is more than 4⇥ smaller than FPointNet (the prior art on SUN RGB-D) in size and …
Evaluating learning with tangible and virtual representations of archaeological artifacts | C Pollalis, EJ Minor, L Westendorf… - … the Twelfth International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We measured users’ perceived task workload with the NASA TLX questionnaire [18]. We  interpret the results of the unweighted, raw NASA … Second, our measurement of learning  outcomes in this study is limited and does not assess the ability to apply learning to other contexts. …
Intelligent computing & optimization | P Vasant, I Zelinka, GW Weber - 2018 - books.google.com | … international conference is to bring together the global research scholars, experts, and  scientists in the research areas of Intelligent Computing and Optimization from all over the world  … This conference provides a golden opportunity for global research community to interact and …
Stand-alone self-attention in vision models | P Ramachandran, N Parmar, A Vaswani, I Bello… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | Convolutions are a fundamental building block of modern computer vision systems. Recent  approaches have argued for going beyond convolutions in order to capture long-range  dependencies. These efforts focus on augmenting convolutional models with content-based …
Survey on SDN based network intrusion detection system using machine learning approaches | N Sultana, N Chilamkurti, W Peng… - Peer-to-Peer Networking …, 2019 - Springer | … Organizations deploy a firewall, antivirus software, and an intrusion detection system (NIDS)  to secure computer systems from unauthorised access [3]. … In: Proceedings of the  fourteenth international conference on artificial intelligence and statistics, PMLR 15:215–223 …
Do imagenet classifiers generalize to imagenet? | B Recht, R Roelofs, L Schmidt… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … The overarching goal of machine learning is to produce models that generalize. We usually  quantify generalization by measuring the performance of a model on a held-out test set. What  does good performance on the test set then imply? At the very least, one would hope that …
Latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) and topic modeling: models, applications, a survey | H Jelodar, Y Wang, C Yuan, X Feng, X Jiang… - Multimedia Tools and …, 2019 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the fifth ACM international conference on web search and data … :  Modelling and analysing linguistic content in foursquare. In: Privacy, security, risk and trust (PASSAT),  2012 international conference on and 2012 international confernece on social computing (…
Deepmutation: Mutation testing of deep learning systems | L Ma, F Zhang, J Sun, M Xue, B Li… - … 29th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … for a DL mutant model from its original counterpart, we propose a DL mutant model quality  control procedure. In particular, we measure the error rate of each … We excluded such mutant  models from M for further analysis. We define average error rate (AER) of T on each mutant …
Measuring social media influencer index-insights from Facebook, Twitter and Instagram | A Arora, S Bansal, C Kandpal, R Aswani… - Journal of Retailing and …, 2019 - Elsevier | … This study proposes a mechanism for measuring the influencer index across popular social  media platforms including Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. A set of features that determine  the impact on the consumers are modelled using a regression approach. The underlying …
Leaf: A benchmark for federated settings | S Caldas, SMK Duddu, P Wu, T Li, J Konečný… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … • For the Reddit experiments, we use 819 devices and a model similar to the one we  described for Shakespeare. The main differences are: the size of the embedding is now 200,  and we build the vocabulary from the tokens in the training set with a fixed length of 10, 000. We …
CSPNet: A new backbone that can enhance learning capability of CNN | CY Wang, HYM Liao, YH Wu… - … /CVF conference …, 2020 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … mobile CPU [10, 30, 9, 32, 41, 23], the depth-wise convolution they adopted is usually not  compatible with industrial IC design such as Application-Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC)  for edge-computing systems. In this work, we investigate the computational burden in state-of-the-…
A novel intrusion detection model for a massive network using convolutional neural networks | K Wu, Z Chen, W Li - Ieee Access, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … is usually odd number, the paper chooses 2*2 instead of 3*3, because we hope the feature  size was integer after pooling layer. … layer model for the intrusion detection system. Table  IV shows the confusion matrix of the experiment of 2-layer CNN model on KDDTest+ dataset. …
Mesh-tensorflow: Deep learning for supercomputers | N Shazeer, Y Cheng, N Parmar, D Tran… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … We use Mesh-TensorFlow to implement an efficient data-parallel, model-parallel version  of the Transformer sequence-to-sequence model. Using TPU meshes of up to 512 cores, we  train Transformer models with up to 5 billion parameters, surpassing state of the art results on …
A novel deep learning based framework for the detection and classification of breast cancer using transfer learning | SU Khan, N Islam, Z Jan, IU Din… - Pattern Recognition …, 2019 - Elsevier | Breast cancer is among the leading cause of mortality among women in developing as well  as under-developing countries. The detection and classification of breast cancer in the early  stages of its development may allow patients to have proper treatment. In this article, we …
Similarity of neural network representations revisited | S Kornblith, M Norouzi, H Lee… - International Conference …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … for measuring multivariate similarity, but that neither CCA nor any other statistic that is  invariant to invertible linear transformation can measure … This paper investigates the problem  of measuring similarities between deep neural network representations. An effective method for …
Simple features for R: standardized support for spatial vector data. | EJ Pebesma - R J., 2018 - pebesma.staff.ifgi.de | … We describe the need for this package, its place in the R package ecosystem, and its potential  to connect R to other computer systems. We … But it is not as if this new book has a similar  content, or size. It is unsure when, or even whether at all, the hundreds of packages that use …
A novel CNN based security guaranteed image watermarking generation scenario for smart city applications | D Li, L Deng, BB Gupta, H Wang, C Choi - Information Sciences, 2019 - Elsevier | … Convolution Kernel size The three-layer convolution of SRCNN is 9-1-5 model and the  improved algorithm is a 3-3-3 model. To assess the performance of the SRCNN algorithm, we  also use three stacked layers, but the size of the convolution cores in each layer is 3 × 3. To …
Generalized end-to-end loss for speaker verification | L Wan, Q Wang, A Papir… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper, we propose a new loss function called generalized end-to-end (GE2E) loss,  which makes the training of speaker verification models more efficient than our previous  tuple-based end-to-end (TE2E) loss function. Unlike TE2E, the GE2E loss function updates the …
Learning to reweight examples for robust deep learning | M Ren, W Zeng, B Yang… - International Conference …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … models during training. First, we use a pre-trained model (trained at half of the total iterations  without learning rate decay) and measure the example weight distribution of a randomly  sampled batch of validation images, which the model has never seen. As shown in the left …
A holistic review of network anomaly detection systems: A comprehensive survey | N Moustafa, J Hu, J Slay - Journal of Network and Computer Applications, 2019 - Elsevier | … A DoS is an attempt by an attacker to prevent legitimate access to websites by overwhelming  the amount of available bandwidth or resources of the computer system (eg, zombies). When  many computer systems are utilised to investigate such activities, such as applying a botnet…
Fault detection and monitoring systems for photovoltaic installations: A review | A Triki-Lahiani, ABB Abdelghani… - … and Sustainable Energy …, 2018 - Elsevier | … measurement, shunt resistance measurement…However some of references mentioned in  this paper relies on the two diode model [12] … International standards set the parameters for  PV systems measurements and monitoring. The IEC 61724 presents guidelines for analysis …
LPCNet: Improving neural speech synthesis through linear prediction | JM Valin, J Skoglund - … -2019 IEEE International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … LPCNet model, which takes the burden of spectral envelope modeling away from a neural  synthesis network so that most of its capacity can be used to model a spectrally flat excitation.  This makes it possible to match the quality of state-of-the art neural synthesis systems with …
Blockchain-based supply chain traceability: Token recipes model manufacturing processes | M Westerkamp, F Victor… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Our key contributions in this paper are as follows: 1) We design a supply chain traceability  system that models manufacturing processes as token recipes. 2) We present a prototypical  implementation for the Ethereum Virtual Machine using smart contracts. 3) We evaluate our …
A review of the evolution of vision-based motion analysis and the integration of advanced computer vision methods towards developing a markerless system | SL Colyer, M Evans, DP Cosker… - Sports …, 2018 - sportsmedicine-open.springeropen … | … industry, and utilising many of the latest trends in computer vision and machine learning.  However, the accuracy and practicality of these systems has yet to be fully scrutinised, meaning  such markerless systems are not currently in widespread use within biomechanics. This …
A robust learning approach to domain adaptive object detection | M Khodabandeh, A Vahdat… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … We formulate the robust retraining objective so that the model can alter both bounding box  class labels and bounding box location/size … and the box location/size (yl), we develop a  refinement mechanism that corrects mistakes in both class and box location/size annotations. The …
Black-box adversarial attacks with limited queries and information | A Ilyas, L Engstrom, A Athalye… - International Conference …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … access to the model. In practice, the threat model for real-world systems is often more restrictive  than the typical black-box model where the … We define three realistic threat models that  more accurately characterize many real-world classifiers: the query-limited setting, the partial…
The what-if tool: Interactive probing of machine learning models | J Wexler, M Pushkarna, T Bolukbasi… - … and computer …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The What-If Tool lets practitioners test performance in hypothetical situations, analyze the  importance of different data features, and visualize model behavior across multiple models  and subsets of input data. It also lets practitioners measure systems according to multiple ML …
Load balancing in cloud computing: a big picture | SK Mishra, B Sahoo, PP Parida - Journal of King Saud University-Computer …, 2020 - Elsevier | … We have presented a cloud system architecture to explain the cloud system. A taxonomy is  presented and elaborated for the classification of … We present the system model for cloud  computing in Section 2. In Section 3, we go over various performance metrics and discuss their …
Recognition in terra incognita | S Beery, G Van Horn, P Perona - … conference on computer …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … We present a dataset designed to measure recognition generalization to novel environments.  The images in our dataset are harvested from twenty camera traps deployed to monitor  animal populations. Camera traps are fixed at one location, hence the background changes …
S4l: Self-supervised semi-supervised learning | X Zhai, A Oliver, A Kolesnikov… - … International Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … We analyze the impact of validation set size in Section 7. We always define epochs in terms  of the available labeled data, ie. one epoch … We optimize our models using stochastic gradient  descent with momentum on minibatches of size 256 unless specified otherwise. While we …
Data shapley: Equitable valuation of data for machine learning | A Ghorbani, J Zou - International Conference on Machine …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … The two questions that we want to investigate are: 1) what is an equitable measure of the  value of each (xi,yi) to the learning algorithm A with respect to the performance metric V ; and  2) how do we efficiently compute this data value in practical settings. For example, suppose …
Characterising the Digital Twin: A systematic literature review | D Jones, C Snider, A Nassehi, J Yon, B Hicks - CIRP Journal of …, 2020 - Elsevier | While there has been a recent growth of interest in the Digital Twin, a variety of definitions  employed across industry and academia remain. There is a need to consolidate research such  to maintain a common understanding of the topic and ensure future research efforts are to …
Simplifying graph convolutional networks | F Wu, A Souza, T Zhang, C Fifty, T Yu… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … Motivated by the glaring historic omission of a simpler predecessor, we aim to derive the  simplest linear model that “could have” preceded the GCN, had a more “traditional” path been  taken. We reduce the excess complexity of GCNs by repeatedly removing the nonlinearities …
An out-of-band authentication scheme for internet of things using blockchain technology | L Wu, X Du, W Wang, B Lin - 2018 International conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To evaluate the performance of the Blockchain based authentication scheme, we measured  the memory and CPU usage of each node in the system. These results are obtained by using  the “top” command of Linux to get a runtime screenshot of the Blockchain process every 10 …
Stagewise safe bayesian optimization with gaussian processes | Y Sui, V Zhuang, J Burdick… - International conference …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | Enforcing safety is a key aspect of many problems pertaining to sequential decision making  under uncertainty, which require the decisions made at every step to be both informative of  the optimal decision and also safe. For example, we value both efficacy and comfort in …
Similarity-preserving knowledge distillation | F Tung, G Mori - … International Conference on Computer …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … We start with CIFAR-10 as it is a commonly adopted dataset for comparing distillation  methods, and its relatively small size allows multiple student and teacher combinations to be  evaluated. We then consider the task of … Brackets indicate model size in number of parameters. …
Leveraging meta-path based context for top-n recommendation with a neural co-attention model | B Hu, C Shi, WX Zhao, PS Yu - … ACM SIGKDD International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … to measure the priority degree of each candidate out-going nodes. The basic idea is to first  learn a latent vector for each node with historical user-item interaction records by using  traditional matrix factorization method without meta-path information. Then, we can measure the …
Data and its (dis) contents: A survey of dataset development and use in machine learning research | A Paullada, ID Raji, EM Bender, E Denton, A Hanna - Patterns, 2021 - Elsevier | … , 99, 100 Jacobs and Wallach 101 locate dataset measurement concerns as a key factor  underlying unfair outcomes of algorithmic systems and propose that machine learning  practitioners adopt measurement modeling frameworks from the quantitative social sciences. …
Classification of COVID-19 in chest X-ray images using DeTraC deep convolutional neural network | A Abbas, MM Abdelsamea, MM Gaber - Applied Intelligence, 2021 - Springer | … In: 2018 13Th international conference on computer engineering and systems (ICCES),  IEEE, pp 122–126 … system for lung nodules on computed tomography scans. In: 2014 6Th  international conference of soft computing and pattern recognition (soCPar), IEEE, pp 382–386 …
Digital Twin-driven smart manufacturing: Connotation, reference model, applications and research issues | Y Lu, C Liu, I Kevin, K Wang, H Huang, X Xu - Robotics and Computer …, 2020 - Elsevier | … , multi-scale, probabilistic simulation of a vehicle or system that uses the best available  physical models, sensor updates, fleet history, and so … There is extensive use in large scale  computer systems for both methods, and sometimes a system uses a mix of them. Both methods …
Neural scene representation and rendering | SMA Eslami, DJ Rezende, F Besse, F Viola… - …, 2018 - science.sciencemag.org | … Predicted uncertainty is measured by computing the model’s Bayesian surprise at each  location, averaged over three different heading directions. The model’s uncertainty  decreases as more observations are made. As the number of observations increases, the …
Bilateral adversarial training: Towards fast training of more robust models against adversarial attacks | J Wang, H Zhang - … International Conference on Computer …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Note that there are papers [22, 14] studying the possible relationship between the flatness  of loss surface and the generalization of the model. In this paper, we simply use gradient  magnitude to measure the “flatness”. A rigorous treatment is beyond the scope of the current …
Research on the Method of Underwater Swimming Motion Capture | J Yang, T Li, Z Chen, X Li - … IEEE 7th International Conference …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The underwater 3D measurement model is composed of two parts: the underwater camera  imaging model and the underwater structured light measurement model. The complete  underwater 3D measurement model is shown in Figure 1. Compared with the traditional land-…
How do humans understand explanations from machine learning systems? an evaluation of the human-interpretability of explanation | M Narayanan, E Chen, J He, B Kim… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … We varied the size of the explanation across two dimensions: the total number of lines in the  decision set, and the maximum number of terms … We hypothesized that increasing the size  of the explanation across either dimension would increase the time required to perform the …
Self-attention graph pooling | J Lee, I Lee, J Kang - International Conference on Machine …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … Pooling layers enable CNN models to reduce the number of parameters by scaling down the  size of representations, and thus avoid overfitting. To generalize CNNs, the … In Proceedings  of the 27th international conference on machine learning (ICML-10), pp. 807–814, 2010. …
Error feedback fixes signsgd and other gradient compression schemes | SP Karimireddy, Q Rebjock, S Stich… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | Sign-based algorithms (eg signSGD) have been proposed as a biased gradient compression  technique to alleviate the communication bottleneck in training large neural networks across  multiple workers. We show simple convex counter-examples where signSGD does not …
Software engineering for machine learning: A case study | S Amershi, A Begel, C Bird, R DeLine… - … 41st International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , from initial (ad hoc processes), repeatable, defined, capable (ie, quantitatively measured),  and efficient (ie, deliberate process improvement). Inspired by CMM, we build a first maturity  model for teams building systems and platforms that integrate machine learning components. …
Blockchain framework for IoT data quality via edge computing | R Casado-Vara, F de la Prieta, J Prieto… - … Sensor Systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … The sensor incorporates an accelerometer model LIS3DH capable of accurately measuring  acceleration in different ranges (between 0 and +- 16g). This sensor is automatically adjusted  to the usage conditions so it always maintains a constant accuracy. For temperature control …
Advances in computer vision-based civil infrastructure inspection and monitoring | BF Spencer Jr, V Hoskere, Y Narazaki - Engineering, 2019 - Elsevier | … components, characterizing local and global visible damage, and detecting changes from a  reference image. The monitoring applications discussed include static measurement of strain  and displacement, as well as dynamic measurement of displacement for modal analysis. …
Generating 3D faces using convolutional mesh autoencoders | A Ranjan, T Bolkart, S Sanyal… - … European Conference …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … art face models at capturing highly non-linear extreme facial expressions with fewer model  parameters. Having fewer parameters in our … To measure generalization of our model, we  compare the performance of CoMA with the PCA model and FLAME [28]. For comparison, we …
Prediction of diabetes using classification algorithms | D Sisodia, DS Sisodia - Procedia computer science, 2018 - Elsevier | … The motive of this study is to design a model which can prognosticate the likelihood of  diabetes in patients with maximum accuracy. Therefore three machine learning classification  algorithms namely Decision Tree, SVM and Naive Bayes are used in this experiment to detect …
Set transformer: A framework for attention-based permutation-invariant neural networks | J Lee, Y Lee, J Kim, A Kosiorek… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … We show that our model is theoretically attractive and we evaluate it on a range of tasks,  demonstrating increased … of the model should not change under any permutation of the  elements in the input set. Second, such a model should be able to process input sets of any size. …
Big data analysis for brain tumor detection: Deep convolutional neural networks | J Amin, M Sharif, M Yasmin, SL Fernandes - … Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … He has 110 plus research publications in IF, SCI and ISI journals and national and  international conferences. He has so far supervised 25 … She has so far 30 research publications  in IF, SCI and ISI journals as well as in national and international conferences. A number of …
Blockchain-based electronic healthcare record system for healthcare 4.0 applications | S Tanwar, K Parekh, R Evans - Journal of Information Security and …, 2020 - Elsevier | … In this paper, several solutions for improving current limitations in healthcare systems using  blockchain technology are explored, including frameworks and tools to measure the performance  of such systems, eg, Hyperledger Fabric, Composer, Docker Container, Hyperledger …
Local aggregation for unsupervised learning of visual embeddings | C Zhuang, AL Zhai, D Yamins - … International Conference on …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … For all network structures, we use SGD with momentum of 0.9 and batch size 128. Initial  learning rates are set to 0.03, and dropped by a factor of 10 when validation performances  saturate, typically leading to training for 200 epochs with two learning rate drops. Most of these …
Self-attentional acoustic models | M Sperber, J Niehues, G Neubig, S Stüker… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … We set the batch size dynamically depending on the input sequence size such that the  average batch size was 24 (18 for LSTM-free models). We use Adam [23] with initial learning  rate of 0.0003, decayed by 0.5 when validation WER did not improve over 10 epochs initially and …
Free-form image inpainting with gated convolution | J Yu, Z Lin, J Yang, X Shen, X Lu… - … IEEE/CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … We evaluate the proposed free-form image inpainting system on Places2 [53] and CelebA-HQ  faces [18]. Our model has totally 4.1M parameters, and is trained with TensorFlow v1.8,  CUDNN v7.0, CUDA v9.0. For testing, it runs at 0.21 seconds per image on single NVIDIA(R) …
Online meta-learning | C Finn, A Rajeswaran, S Kakade… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … If we have a predictive model, h(·; w), with parameters w, the population risk of the model is  … In practice, we meta-train with update minibatches of size at-most 25, whereas evaluation  may use hundreds of datapoints for some tasks. After the model is updated, we measure the …
Mixed high-order attention network for person re-identification | B Chen, W Deng, J Hu - … /CVF International Conference on …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Model size: We compare the model size as in Tab. 9, from this table, one can observe that  the parameter number of our MHN increases with the order. While comparing with SENet50  [19], the total parameter number of each MHN is not so much, and in terms of the performance, …
Heuristic-based load-balancing algorithm for IaaS cloud | M Adhikari, T Amgoth - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … We introduce a new system model of the data center and its components which is more  convenient and suitable to run the proposed … In this section, we present the proposed system  model which is more convenient and suitable to run the proposed algorithm. Next, we describe …
Style tokens: Unsupervised style modeling, control and transfer in end-to-end speech synthesis | Y Wang, D Stanton, Y Zhang… - International …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … This work has introduced Global Style Tokens, a powerful method for modeling style in  end-to-end TTS systems. GSTs are intuitive, easy to implement, and learn without explicit labels.  We have shown that, in addition to learning interpretable embeddings that can be used to …
Fusion++: Volumetric object-level slam | J McCormac, R Clark, M Bloesch… - 2018 international …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We propose an online object-level SLAM system which builds a persistent and accurate 3D  graph map of arbitrary reconstructed objects. As an … when compared to our system. They  use a separate SLAM system, ORBSLAM2 [22], whereas in our system the discovered object …
Guiding deep learning system testing using surprise adequacy | J Kim, R Feldt, S Yoo - … /ACM 41st International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We argue that diversity in testing of DL systems is more meaningful when it is measured  with respect to the training data, as DL systems are likely to be more error prone for inputs that  are unfamiliar, ie, diverse. Furthermore, while neuron activation above thresholds, or beyond …
Asynchronous decentralized parallel stochastic gradient descent | X Lian, W Zhang, C Zhang, J Liu - International Conference …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … is about 60MB, represents a communication intensive workload and ResNet-20, whose  size is about 1MB, represents a computation intensive workload. For the ImageNet-1K dataset,  we use the ResNet-50 model whose size is about 100MB. the minibatch size only decreases …
Rise: Randomized input sampling for explanation of black-box models | V Petsiuk, A Das, K Saenko - arXiv preprint arXiv:1806.07421, 2018 - arxiv.org | … The sliding window approach [31] systematically occludes fixed size image regions and  probes the model with the perturbed image to measure the importance of the occluded region.  We used a sliding window of size 64×64 with stride 8. For LIME [21], the number of samples …
IoT smart home adoption: the importance of proper level automation | H Yang, W Lee, H Lee - Journal of Sensors, 2018 - hindawi.com | … Measurement Model. The reliability and validity of the constructs were checked. The reliability  of latent variables can be confirmed by … Lutolf, “Smart home concept and the integration of  energy meters into a home based system,” in Seventh International Conference on Metering …
Openface 2.0: Facial behavior analysis toolkit | T Baltrusaitis, A Zadeh, YC Lim… - … 13th IEEE international …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We retrained the patch experts for first two scales using simpler models by narrowing the  deep network to half the width, … final model size after exploring a large range of alternatives,  and chose the smallest model that still retains competitive accuracy. This reduces the model size …
Important feature selection & accuracy comparisons of different machine learning models for early diabetes detection | SY Rubaiat, MM Rahman… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper presents an analysis of two kinds of the prediction model for diabetes mellitus  and making the model adapt to different data-sets. Using these two methods, we can train a  model that can predict whether or not someone has diabetes at a very early stage with the help …
Modelling the spice parameters of SOI MOSFET using a combinational algorithm | M Sarvaghad-Moghaddam, AA Orouji, Z Ramezani… - … Computing, 2019 - Springer | … It is imperative to use accurate models [30, 31] in order to attain real results. In this paper,  some models including Shockley–Read–Hall (SRH) models and Auger … Klaassen’s models  are used more specifically for the SRH and Auger recombination processes to achieve a precise …
Multi-object representation learning with iterative variational inference | K Greff, RL Kaufman, R Kabra… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … We apply it as a measure of instance segmentation quality by treating each foreground  pixel (ignoring the background) as one point and its segmentation as cluster assignment. As  shown in Table 1, IODINE achieves almost perfect ARI scores of around 0.99 for CLEVR6, and …
Insider threat detection with deep neural network | F Yuan, Y Cao, Y Shang, Y Liu, J Tan… - International Conference …, 2018 - Springer | … Instead, we use the trained LSTM to predict next user action, and use a series of hidden  states of the LSTM model to generate a fixed-size feature matrix that is given to the CNN  classifier. The LSTM can better capture the long term temporal dependencies on user action …
The role of transformational leadership as a mediating variable in DeLone and McLean information system success model: The context of online learning usage in … | AH Aldholay, O Isaac, Z Abdullah, T Ramayah - Telematics and Informatics, 2018 - Elsevier | … Measurement model assessment Assessment of the measurement model was done through  construct reliability as well as validity (… Cronbach’s alpha coefficients to measure the reliability  of each of the core variables in the measurement model. The results indicate that all the …
Improving transformer-based end-to-end speech recognition with connectionist temporal classification and language model integration | T Nakatani - Proc. Interspeech 2019, 2019 - isca-speech.org | … Indeed, they directly learn speech-to-text mapping with purely neural network systems,  while the hidden Markov model based systems need a hand-crafted pronunciation dictionary  and a complex decoding system using a finite state transducer (FST) [1]. End-to-end ASR has …
On the linear speedup analysis of communication efficient momentum SGD for distributed non-convex optimization | H Yu, R Jin, S Yang - International Conference on Machine …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … The linear speedup property enables us to scale out the computing capability by adding  more computing nodes into our system. The reduced communication complexity is  desirable since communication overhead is often the performance bottleneck in distributed …
The express data path: Fast programmable packet processing in the operating system kernel | T Høiland-Jørgensen, JD Brouer, D Borkmann… - … of the 14th international …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … For this reason, we perform all tests using minimum-sized (64 bytes) packets, and measure  the maximum number of packets per second the system can process. To measure how  performance scales with the number of CPU cores, we repeat the tests with an increasing …
Learning lightweight lane detection cnns by self attention distillation | Y Hou, Z Ma, C Liu, CC Loy - … /CVF international conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … It is noteworthy that SAD also helps given a deeper model. Specifically, we apply SAD to  ResNet-101, and find that it increases the F1-measure from 70.8 to 71.8 in CULane and the  accuracy increases from 34.45% to 35.56% in BDD100K. We show some qualitative results of …
A novel PCA–whale optimization-based deep neural network model for classification of tomato plant diseases using GPU | TR Gadekallu, DS Rajput, M Reddy… - Journal of Real-Time …, 2021 - Springer | … Our world at this present day and age has the necessity of around 100 million tons of fresh  tomatoes [5]. The growing period of this … In this work a novel PCA–WOA-based DNN model  is proposed to classify tomato plant disease datasets. The steps involved in the present …
Automated detection of sewer pipe defects in closed-circuit television images using deep learning techniques | JCP Cheng, M Wang - Automation in Construction, 2018 - Elsevier | … The interpolated AP proposed by Salton and McGill [56] is applied for model evaluation  in this study, ie the precision at each recall level is interpolated by taking the maximum  precision measured for a model where the corresponding recall exceeds r, as shown in Eq. (16):(16) …
Memorizing normality to detect anomaly: Memory-augmented deep autoencoder for unsupervised anomaly detection | D Gong, L Liu, V Le, B Saha… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Robustness to the memory size We use the UCSD-Ped2 to study the robustness of the  proposed MemAE to the memory size N. We conduct the experiments by using different  memory size settings and show the AUC values in Figure 7. Given a large enough memory …
Early fire detection using convolutional neural networks during surveillance for effective disaster management | K Muhammad, J Ahmad, SW Baik - Neurocomputing, 2018 - Elsevier | … disaster management systems. The proposed system improved the fire detection accuracy,  with minimum false alarms, but the model size is … In future work, we plan to explore light-weight  CNNs for reducing the model size while keeping a balance between accuracy and false …
Graph u-nets | H Gao, S Ji - international conference on machine learning, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | We consider the problem of representation learning for graph data. Convolutional neural  networks can naturally operate on images, but have significant challenges in dealing with  graph data. Given images are special cases of graphs with nodes lie on 2D lattices, graph …
Security, privacy & efficiency of sustainable cloud computing for big data & IoT | C Stergiou, KE Psannis, BB Gupta… - Sustainable Computing …, 2018 - Elsevier | … without greatly increasing costs as applications run on the Cloud and businesses do not need  expensive computing systems. … International Journals and magazines. He has also served  as Technical program committee (TPC) member of more than 20 International conferences …
Rapid ai development cycle for the coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic: Initial results for automated detection & patient monitoring using deep learning ct image analysis | O Gozes, M Frid-Adar, H Greenspan… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … Multiple international datasets, including from Chinese disease-infected areas were included.  We present a system that utilizes robust 2D and 3D deep learning models, modifying and  adapting existing AI models and combining them with clinical understanding. We conducted …
Challenging common assumptions in the unsupervised learning of disentangled representations | F Locatello, S Bauer, M Lucic… - international …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … We first theoretically show that the unsupervised learning of disentangled representations  is fundamentally impossible without inductive biases on both the models and the data. Then,  we train more than 12 000 models covering most prominent methods and evaluation metrics …
Using generative adversarial networks for improving classification effectiveness in credit card fraud detection | U Fiore, A De Santis, F Perla, P Zanetti, F Palmieri - Information Sciences, 2019 - Elsevier | … having it work on a set with low cardinality enables the achievement of excellent performance  in what could have been the bottleneck of our system. … The F-measure values for SMOTE  show a limited variation with respect to the number of synthetic examples and an overall better …
Overfitting in adversarially robust deep learning | L Rice, E Wong, Z Kolter - International Conference on …, 2020 - proceedings.mlr.press | … 1Since there are over 75 models trained in this paper, we selected a subset of pretrained  models to release (eg those which are for Wide ResNets … We find that, while increasing either  training time or architecture size can be viewed as increasing model complexity, these two …
WiFi sensing with channel state information: A survey | Y Ma, G Zhou, S Wang - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | With the high demand for wireless data traffic, WiFi networks have experienced very rapid  growth, because they provide high throughput and are easy to deploy. Recently, Channel State  Information (CSI) measured by WiFi networks is widely used for different sensing purposes. …
A big data classification approach using LDA with an enhanced SVM method for ECG signals in cloud computing | R Varatharajan, G Manogaran, MK Priyan - Multimedia Tools and …, 2018 - Springer | … In this paper, we use SVM model with a weighted kernel function method to classify more  features from the input ECG signal. SVM model with a … In this paper, we use SVM model with  a weighted kernel function method to classify more features from the input ECG signal. SVM …
A hierarchical latent vector model for learning long-term structure in music | A Roberts, J Engel, C Raffel… - International …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … However, it has thus far seen limited application to sequential data, and, as we demonstrate,  existing recurrent VAE models have difficulty modeling sequences with long-term structure.  To address this issue, we propose the use of a hierarchical decoder, which first outputs …
Communicating robot motion intent with augmented reality | M Walker, H Hedayati, J Lee, D Szafir - … /IEEE International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … This choice was motivated by our concern that prior metrics, which have been constructed  based on user interaction with traditional computer systems (eg, GUIs), may not transfer well  to novel interactions with flying robotics and AR. Although our scales may be more applicable …
The limits of trust-free systems: A literature review on blockchain technology and trust in the sharing economy | F Hawlitschek, B Notheisen, T Teubner - Electronic commerce research and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Furthermore, we would like to thank the reviewers and participants involved in the 17th  International Conference on Group Decision and Negotiation for their feedback, as well as the  editors and reviewers of Electronic Commerce Research and Applications. Finally, financial …
Short-term forecasting COVID-19 cumulative confirmed cases: Perspectives for Brazil | MHDM Ribeiro, RG da Silva, VC Mariani… - Chaos, Solitons & …, 2020 - Elsevier | … Also, the M c and M b represent the performance measure of compared and best models,  respectively. … Through the box-plot analysis, boxes with lower size indicate models with lower  variation in the errors, and the results presented in Table A.are corroborated by the depicted …
On blockchain and its integration with IoT. Challenges and opportunities | A Reyna, C Martín, J Chen, E Soler, M Díaz - … generation computer systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … world, where things are able to communicate measured data and interact with each other. This  makes possible a digital representation of the real world, … We measured energy consumption  and collected some measurements related to task performance for 30 min for each test. …
Learning Traces, Measurement and Assessment Templates for AIS Interoperability | B Emond - International Conference on Human-Computer …, 2020 - Springer | … The domain, learner, and pedagogical models are grouped in the adaptive instructional engine.  However, … system are the introduction of a measurement model separates the performance  standards (learning objectives), measurements and assessments from the domain model. …
BOHB: Robust and efficient hyperparameter optimization at scale | S Falkner, A Klein, F Hutter - International Conference on …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | Modern deep learning methods are very sensitive to many hyperparameters, and, due to the  long training times of state-of-the-art models, vanilla Bayesian hyperparameter optimization  is typically computationally infeasible. On the other hand, bandit-based configuration …
Graph matching networks for learning the similarity of graph structured objects | Y Li, C Gu, T Dullien, O Vinyals… - International conference …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … models and baselines on three tasks: a synthetic graph edit-distance learning task which  captures structural similarity only, and two real world … We propose two models for graph  similarity learning: a model based on standard GNNs for learning graph embeddings, and the new …
Digital business ecosystem: Literature review and a framework for future research | PK Senyo, K Liu, J Effah - International Journal of Information Management, 2019 - Elsevier | … In terms of conference publications, the International Conference on Digital Ecosystems and  Technologies had the highest representation … First, we discuss the issue of DBE  interdependence analysis and measurement. As presented in the DBE research framework in Fig. , …
Do better imagenet models transfer better? | S Kornblith, J Shlens, QV Le - … Conference on Computer …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … of the penultimate layer, input image size, and performance of retrained models. For all  experiments, we rescaled images to the same image size as was used for ImageNet training.  We evaluated models on 12 image classification datasets ranging in training set size from 2,040 …
Efficient and accurate MRI super-resolution using a generative adversarial network and 3D multi-level densely connected network | Y Chen, F Shi, AG Christodoulou, Y Xie… - International Conference …, 2018 - Springer | … The number of parameters determines the model size and computation cost of a deep  learning network, which is a key issue to consider for practical use. Recently, DenseNet has  shown that by using dense skip connections, we can dramatically reduce the network size while …
Bridging theory and algorithm for domain adaptation | Y Zhang, T Liu, M Long… - International Conference …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | This paper addresses the problem of unsupervised domain adaption from theoretical and  algorithmic perspectives. Existing domain adaptation theories naturally imply minimax  optimization algorithms, which connect well with the domain adaptation methods based on …
Manipulating and measuring model interpretability | F Poursabzi-Sangdeh, DG Goldstein… - … in Computing Systems, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … , we measured the extent to which each participant deviated from the model’s predictions  by, for each of the apartments with typical confgurations, showing them the model’s prediction,  asking them for their own prediction of the apartment’s selling price, and measuring the …
A simple baseline for bayesian uncertainty in deep learning | WJ Maddox, P Izmailov, T Garipov… - … Systems, 2019 - proceedings.neurips.cc | … For each model we start from a pre-trained model available in the torchvision package,  and run SGD with a constant learning rate for 10 epochs. We collect models for the SWAG  versions and SWA 4 times per epoch. For SWAG we use 30 samples from the posterior over …
Stop explaining black box machine learning models for high stakes decisions and use interpretable models instead | C Rudin - Nature Machine Intelligence, 2019 - nature.com | … For example, we could use a special case of equation (1), where the model size is the number  of terms in the model. (Table 3 is a ML model with … Ideally we would increase the size of the  optimal scoring system problems that current methods can practically handle by an order of …
Visual-based defect detection and classification approaches for industrial applications—a survey | T Czimmermann, G Ciuti, M Milazzo, M Chiurazzi… - Sensors, 2020 - mdpi.com | This paper reviews automated visual-based defect detection approaches applicable to various  materials, such as metals, ceramics and textiles. In the first part of the paper, we present  a general taxonomy of the different defects that fall in two classes: visible (eg, scratches, …
Semantic segmentation with multi scale spatial attention for self driving cars | A Sagar, RK Soundrapandiyan - … International Conference …, 2021 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Batch size of 8 was chosen for all our experiments. Data augmentation operations like  shearing, cropping and flipping was performed to artificially increase the dataset … Here  FLOPS and parameters are a measure of computation required by our model architecture. …
Challenges of blockchain technology adoption for e-government: a systematic literature review | FR Batubara, J Ubacht, M Janssen - … Annual International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | The ability of blockchain technology to record transactions on distributed ledgers offers new  opportunities for governments to improve transparency, prevent fraud, and establish trust in  the public sector. However, blockchain adoption and use in the context of e-Government is …
XAI—Explainable artificial intelligence | D Gunning, M Stefik, J Choi, T Miller, S Stumpf… - Science Robotics, 2019 - science.org | … measuring the effectiveness of an explanation have been proposed; however, there is  currently no common means of measuring whether an XAI system is more intelligible to a user  than a non-XAI system… user satisfaction, which can be measured through a subjective rating of …
A byzantine fault-tolerant ordering service for the hyperledger fabric blockchain platform | J Sousa, A Bessani, M Vukolic - … /IFIP international conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … model and workload of interest in this kind of systems, which are substantially different from  the microbenchmarks [2] and the Zookeeper-like client-server model [… evaluate the whole  Fabric system, but only the ordering service, which may typically be the bottleneck of the system. …
Exascale deep learning for climate analytics | T Kurth, S Treichler, J Romero… - SC18: International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This breakthrough was made possible in part by the rapid increase in computational power  of modern computing systems. Since then, the … Techniques such as LARC have increased  the total global batch size that can converge, but we view the incorporation of model parallel …
Surrogate model based optimization of traffic lights cycles and green period ratios using microscopic simulation and fuzzy rule interpolation | RPA Gil, ZC Johanyák, T Kovács - Int. J. Artif. Intell, 2018 - aut.upt.ro | … of a fuzzy model is presented and a methodology is suggested, where the fuzzy system is applied  … model of the developed simulation software has been designed to be freely interchangeable  and upgradeable. The current measurements were carried out in the main IDM model, …
A systematic review of fundamental and technical analysis of stock market predictions | IK Nti, AF Adekoya, BA Weyori - Artificial Intelligence Review, 2020 - Springer | … 1.Abhishek K et al (2012) A stock market prediction model using artificial neural network.  In: Third international conference on computing … In: IEEE 15th international conference on  big data intelligence and computing and cyber science and technology congress. IEEE …
A novel AI-enabled framework to diagnose coronavirus COVID-19 using smartphone embedded sensors: design study | HS Maghded, KZ Ghafoor, AS Sadiq… - … 21st International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The proposed framework includes four separate layers which are: input/reading sensors’  measurements layer, sensors configuration layer, computing symptoms disease layer and  predict the disease layer via using combined approaches. Also, the ML model in the final stage …
Generating diverse high-fidelity images with vq-vae-2 | A Razavi, A van den Oord, O Vinyals - … processing systems, 2019 - papers.nips.cc | … This is, in part, thanks to architectural innovations as well as computation advances that  allows training them at larger scale in both amount of data and model size. The samples  generated from these models are hard to distinguish from real data without close inspection, and …
Adversarial sensor attack on lidar-based perception in autonomous driving | Y Cao, C Xiao, B Cyr, Y Zhou, W Park… - … SIGSAC conference on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We also discuss defense directions at the AV system, sensor, and machine learning model  levels. … Next, we design a set of global spatial transformation functions to model these  observed attack capabilities at the model input level. In this step, both the quantified attack …
Fairnas: Rethinking evaluation fairness of weight sharing neural architecture search | X Chu, B Zhang, R Xu - … IEEE/CVF International Conference …, 2021 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … We randomly sample 1,000 models from our supernet, then we evaluate these models  directly on the ImageNet validation set. Their top-1 accuracies (see Figure 1) range from  0.666 to 0.696, which leads to δoneshot = 0.03, hence it reduces λ as well. …
Smart city concept in the light of the literature review | J Winkowska, D Szpilko, S Pejić - Engineering Management in …, 2019 - yadda.icm.edu.pl | … The purpose of this article is to identify the areas of research analysed in the international  literature in the field of smart cities. The bibliometric analysis was carried out to achieve the  purpose. The analysis covered publications on smart cities published in Scopus and Web of …
Industry 4.0 and lean manufacturing practices for sustainable organisational performance in Indian manufacturing companies | S Kamble, A Gunasekaran… - International Journal of …, 2020 - Taylor & Francis | … IoT uses a network of devices, with each device having its unique identification to the connected  computer system. The IoT-controlled … The CFA was performed to confirm the hypothesised  model structure. The measurement model indicated a satisfactory model fit with 1924 …
Measuring the effects of data parallelism on neural network training | CJ Shallue, J Lee, J Antognini, J Sohl-Dickstein… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - jmlr.org | … loss measurements taken over the course of training for 168,160 individual models. Together,  these measurements make up the training curves of all of the individual models … In the last  few years, increasingly specialized computing systems have spurred practitioners to try much …
Haptics: The present and future of artificial touch sensation | H Culbertson, SB Schorr… - … and Autonomous Systems, 2018 - annualreviews.org | … Vibration's popularity can be explained by the widespread availability of actuators and the  ease with which they can be integrated into systems. The actuators’ small size, light weight,  and low cost mean that vibration systems are easily scalable and can potentially display large …
The internet of things, fog and cloud continuum: Integration and challenges | L Bittencourt, R Immich, R Sakellariou, N Fonseca… - Internet of Things, 2018 - Elsevier | … , which should be fulfilled by the computing system amalgamating IoT devices with their  applications. In the next sections, we present two computing paradigms that can be utilized  together to fulfill the heterogeneous requirements associated with IoT applications: cloud and fog …
Automatic detection of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in X-ray and CT images: a machine learning based approach | SH Kassania, PH Kassanib, MJ Wesolowskic… - Biocybernetics and …, 2021 - Elsevier | … The Windows based computer system used for this work had an Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-8700K  3.7 GHz processors with 32 GB RAM. The training and testing process of the proposed  architecture for this experiment was implemented in Python using Keras package with Tensorflow …
The impact of intention of use on the success of big data adoption via organization readiness factor | A Haddad, AA Ameen, M Mukred - International Journal of …, 2018 - ejournal.lucp.net | … The measure of the data is growing exponentially across various industries globally. With this  growth, there is a direct need to develop a system that allows assimilation as well as examination  of the data for better decision making. Following Patel et al. (2012) research, it can be …
Hybrid deep neural networks for face emotion recognition | N Jain, S Kumar, A Kumar, P Shamsolmoali… - Pattern Recognition …, 2018 - Elsevier | … In the implementation the Gradient clipping rated to 1.0 and a batch size set to 32. We  tested the model by using several layers of the CNN as input features and picked the output of  every third convolutional layer right after max pooling, as this achieved the highest result on …
Avoiding latent variable collapse with generative skip models | AB Dieng, Y Kim, AM Rush… - … International Conference …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … Note that we are interested in learning both a good generative model (as measured by the  ELBO) and a good latent representation of the data (as measured by mutual information and  other metrics). The prior for all studies is a spherical Gaussian, and the variational posterior is …
Domain generalization via model-agnostic learning of semantic features | Q Dou, D Coelho de Castro, K Kamnitsas… - … Processing Systems, 2019 - papers.nips.cc | … model-agnostic meta-learning [10], to expose the model optimization to distribution mismatch.  In line with our goal of domain generalization, the model … For each domain k, we summarize  the model’s current ‘concept’ of each class c by computing the class-specific mean feature …
Brain MRI analysis for Alzheimer's disease diagnosis using an ensemble system of deep convolutional neural networks | J Islam, Y Zhang - Brain informatics, 2018 - Springer | … To measure the loss of each of these models, we used cross-entropy. The softmax layer takes  the learned representation, \(f_{i}\), and interprets it to the output … In: International conference  on medical image computing and computer-assisted intervention. Springer, pp 583–590 …
Image transformer | N Parmar, A Vaswani, J Uszkoreit… - International …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … of modeling textual sequences. In this work, we generalize a recently proposed model architecture  based on self-attention, the Transformer, to a sequence modeling … to local neighborhoods  we significantly increase the size of images the model can process in practice, despite …
Adversarial risk and the dangers of evaluating against weak attacks | J Uesato, B O'donoghue, P Kohli… - International …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … qualitatively from the perspective of a human (Kim, 2015; Krakovna and Doshi-Velez, 2016;  Ross and Doshi-Velez, 2018), we note that obscurity as we define it provides one quantitative  measure of the degree to which models can be easily analyzed by other algorithms. …
Validating quantum computers using randomized model circuits | AW Cross, LS Bishop, S Sheldon, PD Nation… - Physical Review A, 2019 - APS | … metric, quantum volume, that can be measured using a concrete protocol on near-term  quantum computers of modest size (n % 50), and … It quantifies the largest random circuit of equal  width and depth that the computer successfully implements. Quantum computing systems with …
Learning discriminative model prediction for tracking | G Bhat, M Danelljan, LV Gool… - … IEEE/CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … model predictor D, we use features extracted from the third block, having a spatial stride of  16. We set the kernel size of the target model f … During tracking, we refine the target model  f by performing two optimizer recursions every 20 frames, or a single recursion whenever a …
Arrhythmia detection using deep convolutional neural network with long duration ECG signals | Ö Yıldırım, P Pławiak, RS Tan, UR Acharya - Computers in biology and …, 2018 - Elsevier | This article presents a new deep learning approach for cardiac arrhythmia (17 classes)  detection based on long-duration electrocardiography (ECG) signal analysis. Cardiovascular  disease prevention is one of the most important tasks of any health care system as about 50 …
End-to-end symmetry preserving inter-atomic potential energy model for finite and extended systems | L Zhang, J Han, H Wang, WA Saidi, R Car - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … We test the DeepPot-SE model on a wide variety of systems comprising molecular and  extended systems. The extended systems include … We also include supported nanoparticles  and HEAs, which constitute very challenging systems to model. See Table 2 for a general view …
A comparative analysis of sift, surf, kaze, akaze, orb, and brisk | SAK Tareen, Z Saleem - … International conference on computing …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Visual odometry is the measurement of distance covered by a mobile system on the basis of  visual information. Vision based Simultaneous Localization and Mapping deals with localizing  a mobile agent in an environment … Specifications of the computer system used are: Intel(R) …
Classification of time-series images using deep convolutional neural networks | N Hatami, Y Gavet, J Debayle - Tenth international conference …, 2018 - spiedigitallibrary.org | Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) has achieved a great success in image recognition  task by automatically learning a hierarchical feature representation from raw data. While the  majority of Time-Series Classification (TSC) literature is focused on 1D signals, this paper …
Does gamification satisfy needs? A study on the relationship between gamification features and intrinsic need satisfaction | N Xi, J Hamari - International Journal of Information Management, 2019 - Elsevier | … Next, we assessed the validity and reliability of the reflective measurement model. To  check the properties of the measurement scales, we conducted confirmatory factor analysis (CFA)  to assess the reliability, convergent validity and discriminant validity of the scales. We …
Fast and furious: Real time end-to-end 3d detection, tracking and motion forecasting with a single convolutional net | W Luo, B Yang, R Urtasun - … IEEE conference on Computer …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | In this paper we propose a novel deep neural network that is able to jointly reason about 3D  detection, tracking and motion forecasting given data captured by a 3D sensor. By jointly  reasoning about these tasks, our holistic approach is more robust to occlusion as well as sparse …
Indoor positioning algorithm based on the improved RSSI distance model | G Li, E Geng, Z Ye, Y Xu, J Lin, Y Pang - Sensors, 2018 - mdpi.com | … In order to reduce the positioning error caused by RSSI fluctuation, we monitored the RSSI  fluctuation in real-time through the Bluetooth gateway and compensated for the RSSI measured  by the blind nodes. Our system model is shown in Figure 3, where B 1 , B 2 , B 3 and B 4 …
A survey on bias and fairness in machine learning | N Mehrabi, F Morstatter, N Saxena, K Lerman… - ACM Computing …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … They also show that measurement errors can also act in favor of these fairness definitions;  therefore, they show how temporal modeling and measurement are important in evaluation of  fairness criteria and introduce a new range of tradeoffs and challenges toward this direction. …
Exploiting IoT and big data analytics: Defining smart digital city using real-time urban data | MM Rathore, A Paul, WH Hong, HC Seo, I Awan… - Sustainable cities and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … All the smart system combined with the physical vehicular network system are replayed  from other computer systems to make the overall environment as real-time. Besides, the real-time  tweet data is continuously analysed through Apache Spark by filtering the tweets for a …
Exploring the role of next-generation virtual technologies in destination marketing | A Marasco, P Buonincontri, M van Niekerk… - Journal of Destination …, 2018 - Elsevier | … measurement model was congeneric, thus providing further support for discriminant validity  for all constructs. Having confirmed the fit and construct validity of the measurement model, the  theoretical model was tested using structural equation modeling. … international conference: …
State-of-the-art in artificial neural network applications: A survey | OI Abiodun, A Jantan, AE Omolara, KV Dada… - Heliyon, 2018 - Elsevier | … Thus, the approach showed the possibility of building a global software architecture that  optimized systems and components. In measuring a good prediction model to predict the expected  outcome, a loss function required. That is the group or class of functions that minimized is …
Tracking without bells and whistles | P Bergmann, T Meinhardt… - … IEEE/CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … dependent on its visibility, but also its size. Therefore, we conduct the same comparison as  for the visibility but for the size of an object. In the first row of Figure 3, we assume the height  of a pedestrian to be proportional to its size and compare on all three MOT17 public detection …
A comparison of ARIMA and LSTM in forecasting time series | S Siami-Namini, N Tavakoli… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this article, we compare the performance of an ARIMA model with the LSTM model in the  prediction of economics and financial time … model is used as the baseline to model the forecast.  This may not be the optimal model, but it is generally a good baseline to build a model, as …
Revisiting self-supervised visual representation learning | A Kolesnikov, X Zhai, L Beyer - … conference on computer …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … tion model (RevNet50) and disentangle the network width from the representation size by  adding an additional linear layer to control the size of the pre-logits layer. We then vary the  widening factor and the representation size independently of each other, training each model …
Byzantine-robust distributed learning: Towards optimal statistical rates | D Yin, Y Chen, R Kannan… - International Conference …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … We train a multi-class logistic regression model and a convolutional neural network (CNN)  using distributed gradient descent, and for each model, we compare the test accuracies in  the aforementioned 4 settings. For the convolutional neural network model, we use the …
Deep convolution neural network for accurate diagnosis of glaucoma using digital fundus images | U Raghavendra, H Fujita, SV Bhandary, A Gudigar… - Information …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Taking bigger size input samples also increases the computational time. It is observed that  image size of 64 × 64 is suitable size for our model which fetch maximum performance for the  developed network. In addition, our model consists of different sized kernels, which captures …
Internet of Things-enabled smart cities: State-of-the-art and future trends | AH Alavi, P Jiao, WG Buttlar, N Lajnef - Measurement, 2018 - Elsevier | … The size of the designed spherical packaging system is of the same order of a coarse  aggregate (crushed rock) particle. The spherical … , this low-cost system should meet some other  major criteria such as reliability for long-term measurements, enough computing power to do on-…
NSE stock market prediction using deep-learning models | M Hiransha, EA Gopalakrishnan, VK Menon… - Procedia computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … and 250 represents window size and 10,20, 30, 40 in the first column represents the  prediction days.From the table, it is clear that minimum MAPE is obtained with window size  200 for 10 days prediction. So here we fix our window size as 200 with 10 days prediction. …
Cutmix: Regularization strategy to train strong classifiers with localizable features | S Yun, D Han, SJ Oh, S Chun… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … To measure this, we apply CutMix over baseline WSOL models. We followed the training  and evaluation strategy of existing WSOL methods [48, 49, 2] with VGG-GAP and ResNet-50  as the base architectures. The quantitative and qualitative results are given in Table 9 and …
Deblurgan-v2: Deblurring (orders-of-magnitude) faster and better | O Kupyn, T Martyniuk, J Wu… - … International Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … times faster than [33, 45], and has a model size of just 4 MB, implying the possibility of real-time  … Lastly, we show the potential of our models in general image restoration, as extra flexibility.  … The models are fully convolutional, thus can be applied to the images of arbitrary size. …
A comprehensive review on automation in agriculture using artificial intelligence | K Jha, A Doshi, P Patel, M Shah - Artificial Intelligence in Agriculture, 2019 - Elsevier | … For the first ever, the expert system (Comax) was successfully integrated with a computer  model (Gossym) and simulated for the growth of cotton crops. This expert system was developed  in order to operate continuosly throughout the year in cotton crop fields. Comax takes three …
Making machine learning robust against adversarial inputs | I Goodfellow, P McDaniel, N Papernot - Communications of the ACM, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … As the field of adversarial machine learning matures, we expect the research community to  reflect and expand on this preliminary measure of strength limited to the adversary’s knowledge  of a system’s potential weakness(es). Moreover, adversarial incentives may define a …
Invertible residual networks | J Behrmann, W Grathwohl, RTQ Chen… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | We show that standard ResNet architectures can be made invertible, allowing the same model  to be used for classification, density estimation, and generation. Typically, enforcing  invertibility requires partitioning dimensions or restricting network architectures. In contrast, our …
Comparing different supervised machine learning algorithms for disease prediction | S Uddin, A Khan, ME Hossain, MA Moni - BMC medical informatics and …, 2019 - Springer | Supervised machine learning algorithms have been a dominant method in the data mining  field. Disease prediction using health data has recently shown a potential application area  for these methods. This study aims to identify the key trends among different types of …
Tomato crop disease classification using pre-trained deep learning algorithm | AK Rangarajan, R Purushothaman… - Procedia computer science, 2018 - Elsevier | … In this study, two pre-trained deep learning models namely AlexNet and VGG16 net were used  for classifying 6 different diseases and a … Hence in the case of VGG16 net, the low learning  rate of 10 times the global learning rate with minibatch size of 2 proves to provide a better …
Better, nicer, clearer, fairer: A critical assessment of the movement for ethical artificial intelligence and machine learning | D Greene, AL Hoffmann, L Stark - … international …, 2019 - scholarspace.manoa.hawaii.edu | … In the 1990s, information scientists also began focusing on the values at work in the design  of computer systems, building from and supplementing longstanding work in computing  ethics [11], [36], [37]. These efforts have been supplemented by critical work examining how …
Speech Emotion Recognition Using Spectrogram & Phoneme Embedding. | P Yenigalla, A Kumar, S Tripathi, C Singh, S Kar… - …, 2018 - abhayk1201.github.io | … We performed experiment with another variant of this model (referred a Model-2A) in this  paper. This is similar to Model 2, but it has four additional parallel convolution layers which  take down-sampled (by 2 in both time and frequency) spectrogram as input. The convolutional …
Edge AI: On-demand accelerating deep neural network inference via edge computing | E Li, L Zeng, Z Zhou, X Chen - IEEE Transactions on Wireless …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Base on the profiling results, we establish the prediction model for each type of layers by  performing a series of regression models with independent variables shown in Table. I.  Since there are limited types of layers in a typical DNN, the profiling cost is moderate. …
Pcn: Point completion network | W Yuan, T Khot, D Held, C Mertz… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We reserve 100 models for validation and 150 models for testing. The rest is used for  training. All our models are trained using the Adam [20] optimizer with an initial learning rate  of 0.0001 for 50 epochs and a batch size of 32. The learning rate is decayed by 0.7 every 50K …
Faster gaze prediction with dense networks and fisher pruning | L Theis, I Korshunova, A Tejani, F Huszár - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … Our saliency models were trained in several steps. First, we trained a DeepGaze II model  using Adam [14] with a batch size of 8 and an initial learning rate of 0.001 which was slowly  decreased over the course of training. As in [6], the model was first pre-trained using the …
Electronic medical record systems: Decision support examination framework for individual, security and privacy concerns using multi-perspective analysis | O Enaizan, AA Zaidan, NHM Alwi, BB Zaidan… - Health and …, 2020 - Springer | … of information, computing systems that process the information and security controls that  protect information [135]. An information system functions correctly when … Two overall  measurement models are also applied to correspond to the two research models in this research. …
The sound of pixels | H Zhao, C Gan, A Rouditchenko… - … conference on …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … The world generates a rich source of visual and auditory signals. Our visual and auditory  systems are able to recognize objects in the world, segment image regions covered by the  objects, and isolate sounds produced by objects. While auditory scene analysis [5] is widely …
Rethinking the smaller-norm-less-informative assumption in channel pruning of convolution layers | J Ye, X Lu, Z Lin, JZ Wang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1802.00124, 2018 - arxiv.org | … works in terms of model parameter size, flops, and error rates. As shown in Table 3, our  model v2 has achieved a compression ratio more than 2.5 while maintaining more than 1%  lower error rates than that of other state-of-the-art models at comparable size of parameters. …
Protecting intellectual property of deep neural networks with watermarking | J Zhang, Z Gu, J Jang, H Wu, MP Stoecklin… - … on Asia Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … The goal of robustness is to measure whether our watermarking framework is robust to  different model modifications. We measure the … Then we still use testing accuracy and  watermark accuracy of new models to measure the robustness of our watermarking framework for …
Transformation-based processing of typed resources for multimedia sources in the IoT environment | H Gao, Y Duan, L Shao, X Sun - Wireless Networks, 2021 - Springer | … For every entity in the real world, we propose to measure the individual components of an  entity element from a multidimensional perspective, that is, to redescribe the entity element  with … In Proceedings of international conference on world wide web (pp. 403–410). ACM. …
Brain tumor classification using deep CNN features via transfer learning | S Deepak, PM Ameer - Computers in biology and medicine, 2019 - Elsevier | … The model had five learnable layers and the size of filters in all the layers was 3x3. The CNN  model gave a classification accuracy of 81%. The performance … Also, a very large batch  size adversely affects the model quality. Cross-entropy is the loss function used as it gives the …
Optimality and approximation with policy gradient methods in markov decision processes | A Agarwal, SM Kakade, JD Lee… - Conference on …, 2020 - proceedings.mlr.press | … This work provides provable characterizations of computational, approximation, and sample  size issues with regards to policy gradient methods in the context of discounted Markov  Decision Processes (MDPs). We focus on both: 1)“tabular” policy parameterizations, where the …
Health monitoring through wearable technologies for older adults: Smart wearables acceptance model | J Li, Q Ma, AHS Chan, SS Man - Applied ergonomics, 2019 - Elsevier | … TAM primarily confirmed the determinants of perceived usefulness and ease of use of  computer systems within organizational settings; while UTAUT unified several previous models  and theories, including TAM, and identified four determinants, ie, performance expectancy, …
Digital twins and cyber–physical systems toward smart manufacturing and industry 4.0: Correlation and comparison | F Tao, Q Qi, L Wang, AYC Nee - Engineering, 2019 - Elsevier | … [57] believed that CPS are an evolution of embedded computing systems under the architecture  of the IoT by means of the introduction of smarter and more interactive operations.  Cloud-integrated CPS can open the door to previously unachievable application scenarios to meet …
Attention-based models for text-dependent speaker verification | FAR rahman Chowdhury, Q Wang… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … models can improves the Equal Error Rate (EER) of our speaker verification system by relatively  14% compared to our non-attention LSTM baseline model… For sliding window maxpooling,  we experimented with different window sizes and steps, and found that a window size of …
ANALYSIS AND DERIVATION OF OPTIMUM OF ANDROID ANOMALY DETECTION BASED ON PERMISSION | S Priya, CBVS Mukesh, V Aravind - … TECHNOLOGY IN INDUSTRY, 2021 - it-in-industry.org | … For this situation we are utilizing a group size of 128. Next we pass the quantity of preparing  ages (… what information to test the measurement against when assess() is run on the model.  … kernel system call graphs,” in Proceedings of the IEEE/WIC/ACM International Conference on …
Scancomplete: Large-scale scene completion and semantic segmentation for 3d scans | A Dai, D Ritchie, M Bokeloh, S Reed… - … IEEE Conference …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … different model design choices, considering both deterministic and probabilistic models for  completion and semantic inference. Our results show that we outperform other methods not  only in the size … In Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Computer graphics and …
State-of-the-art speech recognition with sequence-to-sequence models | CC Chiu, TN Sainath, Y Wu… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Table 5 shows the proposed sequence-tosequence model (E8) offers a 16% and 18% relative  improvement in WER over our production system … Furthermore, comparing the size of the  first-pass models, the LAS model is around 18 times smaller than the conventional model. It is …
Attention based spatial-temporal graph convolutional networks for traffic flow forecasting | S Guo, Y Lin, N Feng, C Song, H Wan - … of the AAAI Conference on …, 2019 - ojs.aaai.org | … • Extensive experiments are carried out on real-world highway traffic datasets, which verify  that our model achieves the best prediction … K = 3 and the kernel size along the temporal  dimension to 3. In our model, all the graph convolution layers use 64 convolution kernels. All the …
Henry gas solubility optimization: A novel physics-based algorithm | FA Hashim, EH Houssein, MS Mabrouk… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | Several metaheuristic optimization algorithms have been developed to solve the real-world  problems recently. This paper proposes a novel metaheuristic algorithm named Henry gas  solubility optimization (HGSO), which mimics the behavior governed by Henry’s law to solve …
Conformer: Convolution-augmented transformer for speech recognition | A Gulati, J Qin, CC Chiu, N Parmar, Y Zhang… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … Our model shows improvements consistently over various model parameter size constraints.  At 10.3M parameters, our model is 0.7% … depthwise convolution, we sweep the kernel size  in {3, 7, 17, 32, 65} of the large model, using the same kernel size for all layers. We find that …
Time series forecasting of petroleum production using deep LSTM recurrent networks | A Sagheer, M Kotb - Neurocomputing, 2019 - Elsevier | … the MAPE measure within our model to compare with the MAPE results of HONN shown in  [18]. The MAPE, as a percentage error measure, … –13 of the other case study, we will notice  the same pattern for all models, again, with a superiority for the DLSTM over the other models. …
End-to-end driving via conditional imitation learning | F Codevilla, M Müller, A López, V Koltun… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … plicit generalization to varying weather conditions that occur naturally in the physical world,  we also evaluate qualitatively how well the model generalizes to previously unseen  environments with very different appearance. To this end, we run the truck in three environments …
A new golden age in computer architecture: Empowering the machine-learning revolution | J Dean, D Patterson, C Young - IEEE Micro, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … What this means for computer systems designers is that demand for ML cycles is effectively  unbounded. Speeding up model evaluation by any amount is valuable; factors of 10 or 100  would likely increase the rate of recent breakthroughs such as those mentioned above. …
Deep convolutional neural network based medical image classification for disease diagnosis | SS Yadav, SM Jadhav - Journal of Big Data, 2019 - Springer | … The best model: The model with a combination of feature maps size (32 or 24), input size  (64), the number of the primary capsule (4) and the number of capsule channels (16) … In: 2006  international conference of the IEEE engineering in medicine and biology society. IEEE. 2006. …
Evaluating model calibration in classification | J Vaicenavicius, D Widmann… - … 22nd International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … Unfortunately, it is generally impossible to recover the optimal classifier given only a data  sample of finite size. Acknowledging this inexorable limitation we can only hope to find a  measurable model 𝑔∶ 𝒳 → 𝒫(𝒴) with 𝑔 ≈ 𝑔 opt that best suits our purpose. Here 𝒫(𝒴) denotes …
Computer vision and artificial intelligence in precision agriculture for grain crops: A systematic review | DI Patrício, R Rieder - Computers and electronics in agriculture, 2018 - Elsevier | … The objects of interest are classified, using the BOW model, through an SVM classifier. Prior  to constructing the BOW model, the size of the … Wheat, oat and barley cultivars, for instance,  could benefit from a computer system that aims to reduce complexity and costs in the gluten-…
Performance analysis of IoT-based sensor, big data processing, and machine learning model for real-time monitoring system in automotive manufacturing | M Syafrudin, G Alfian, NL Fitriyani, J Rhee - Sensors, 2018 - mdpi.com | … , and machine learning models into a complete monitoring system specifically for  automotive manufacturing. Thus, we propose a real-time monitoring system that utilizes IoT-based  sensors, big data processing, and a hybrid prediction model for the automotive industry. The …
Microscopic traffic simulation using sumo | PA Lopez, M Behrisch, L Bieker-Walz… - … 21st International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … model [9]. This program aims at the correspondence between estimated and measured  flows by adjusting a prior distribution of route choices given traffic flow measurements. A  coupling between SUMO and Cadyts has been established and applied. In addition to flow …
Natural language based financial forecasting: a survey | FZ Xing, E Cambria, RE Welsch - Artificial Intelligence Review, 2018 - Springer | … standardize the measurements used for evaluation. We suggest future research following  and covering these three measurements. This … In: 2003 IEEE international conference on  computational intelligence for financial engineering, 2003. Proceedings, pp 395–402. https://doi.…
Evaluation of speech-to-gesture generation using bi-directional LSTM network | D Hasegawa, N Kaneko, S Shirakawa… - … of the 18th International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … And researchers have been introducing non-verbal expressions, including gesture, into  computer systems with humanlike appearances, called Embodied Conversational Agents (ECAs)  [4]. It has also repeatedly been verified that gestures performed by ECAs or robots have …
Normalized object coordinate space for category-level 6d object pose and size estimation | H Wang, S Sridhar, J Huang… - … /CVF Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … To further improve our model and evaluate its performance on real data, we also provide  a fully annotated real-world dataset with large environment and instance variation. Extensive  experiments demonstrate that the proposed method is able to robustly estimate the pose and …
A vision-based social distancing and critical density detection system for COVID-19 | D Yang, E Yurtsever, V Renganathan, KA Redmill… - Sensors, 2021 - mdpi.com | … violations of this new measure. Against this backdrop, we propose an active surveillance  system to slow the spread of COVID-19 by warning individuals in a region-of-interest. Our  contribution is twofold. First, we introduce a vision-based real-time system that can detect SD …
Analysis of the relation between computational thinking skills and various variables with the structural equation model | HY Durak, M Saritepeci - Computers & Education, 2018 - Elsevier | … designed in a way that is interwoven with computer science. For example, it can be said that  programming in the K-12 has an organic relation with learning the working system of computer  systems, and topics related to computer science may constitute effective tools in learning …
Learning agile and dynamic motor skills for legged robots | J Hwangbo, J Lee, A Dosovitskiy… - Science …, 2019 - robotics.sciencemag.org | … We learned this “actuator net” on the physical system via self-supervised learning and used  it in the simulation loop to model each of the 12 joints of ANYmal. Crucially, the full hybrid  simulator, including a rigid-body simulation and the actuator nets, runs at nearly 500,000 time …
Fog computing and the internet of things: A review | HF Atlam, RJ Walters, GB Wills - big data and cognitive computing, 2018 - mdpi.com | … Actuators are used to manage the measurement operation and changing behaviour  forming a closed-loop system. Actuators may be … In addition, the network operator of a fog  computing system needs to address the requirements of each IoT application and fog server …
Design of a biosignal based stress detection system using machine learning techniques | MF Rizwan, R Farhad, F Mashuk… - 2019 international …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This study represents a design of a detection system of stress through machine learning using  some available bio signals in human body. Stress can be commonly defined as the  disturbance in psychological equilibrium. Stress detection is one of the major research areas in …
Women also snowboard: Overcoming bias in captioning models | LA Hendricks, K Burns, K Saenko… - … Conference on …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … fairness literature [14], which requires a system to have similar false positive and false  negative rates across groups. To formalize this notion of fairness in our captioning systems, we  report the outcome type divergence between genders by measuring the Jensen-Shannon [19] …
Using data sciences in digital marketing: Framework, methods, and performance metrics | JR Saura - Journal of Innovation & Knowledge, 2021 - Elsevier | … To this end, marketers and researches should choose and understand the main performance  metrics for the measurement of the models and methodologies used. The results of our SLR  analysis highlighted the following indicators to measure the success of these SD strategies …
Automatic instrument segmentation in robot-assisted surgery using deep learning | AA Shvets, A Rakhlin, AA Kalinin… - … 17th IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The size of the output image matches the input image size. For binary segmentation, we use  0.3 as a threshold value (chosen using validation … for biomedical image segmentation,” in  International Conference on Medical Image Computing and Computer-Assisted Intervention. …
Bars: a blockchain-based anonymous reputation system for trust management in vanets | Z Lu, Q Wang, G Qu, Z Liu - … 17th IEEE International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We design a trust model to improve the trustworthiness of messages relying on the  reputation of the sender based on both direct historical interactions and indirect opinions about  the sender. Experiments are conducted to evaluate BARS in terms of security and performance …
Learning semantic representations for unsupervised domain adaptation | S Xie, Z Zheng, L Chen, C Chen - International conference …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … Prior domain adaptation methods address this problem through aligning the global distribution  statistics between source domain and target domain, but a drawback of prior methods is that  they … Experiments testify that our model yields state of the art results on standard datasets. …
Quantum computing in the NISQ era and beyond | J Preskill - Quantum, 2018 - quantum-journal.org | … computers with 50-100 qubits may be able to perform tasks which surpass the capabilities  of today's classical digital computers, but noise in quantum gates will limit the size … , but the  100-qubit quantum computer will not change the world right away - we should regard it as a …
Lightweight and privacy-preserving RFID authentication scheme for distributed IoT infrastructure with secure localization services for smart city environment | P Gope, R Amin, SKH Islam, N Kumar… - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … His research interests include lightweight authentication, authenticated encryption, access  control system, and security in mobile communication and cloud computing. He has authored  over 30 peer-reviewed articles in international journals and conferences, and has three filed …
Predicting the Big 5 personality traits from digital footprints on social media: A meta-analysis | D Azucar, D Marengo, M Settanni - Personality and individual differences, 2018 - Elsevier | … In these cases, we included the overall effect size in the meta-analysis, referring to the  predictive power of the model. Some of these … We then analyzed potential moderators using  meta-regression models. We measured the possible effects of moderators on study effect-sizes by …
A practical approach to measuring user engagement with the refined user engagement scale (UES) and new UES short form | HL O'Brien, P Cairns, M Hall - International Journal of Human-Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … ) and its measurement have been of increasing interest in human-computer interaction (HCI…  measurement tool to measure user engagement in HCI settings; this tool can be used to guide  the design of digital media or to evaluate user experience with computer-mediated systems…
Neural spline flows | C Durkan, A Bekasov, I Murray… - … Processing Systems, 2019 - papers.nips.cc | … 5.3 Generative modeling of images Finally, we evaluate neural spline flows as generative  models of images, measuring their capacity to improve upon baseline models with affine  transforms. In this section, we focus solely on flows with a one-pass inverse in the style of …
Understanding emotions in text using deep learning and big data | A Chatterjee, U Gupta, MK Chinnakotla… - Computers in Human …, 2019 - Elsevier | … large scale training data with diverse ways of expressing emotions to train our model.  Evaluation of our approach on real world dialogue datasets reveals that it significantly outperforms  traditional Machine Learning baselines as well as other off-the-shelf Deep Learning models. …
Gemsec: Graph embedding with self clustering | B Rozemberczki, R Davies, R Sarkar… - … international conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Modern graph embedding procedures can efficiently process graphs with millions of nodes.  In this paper, we propose GEMSEC-a graph embedding algorithm which learns a clustering  of the nodes simultaneously with computing their embedding. GEMSEC is a general …
A simple convolutional generative network for next item recommendation | F Yuan, A Karatzoglou, I Arapakis, JM Jose… - … International Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Clearly, the training speed advantage of CNN models are more preferred by modern  parallel computing systems. Second, it shows that NextItNet achieves further improvements  in training time compared with Caser. The faster training speed is mainly because NextItNet …
The system usability scale: past, present, and future | JR Lewis - International Journal of Human–Computer Interaction, 2018 - Taylor & Francis | … [In 1984] as part of a usability engineering program, I developed a questionnaire – the  System Usability Scale (SUS) – that could be used to take a quick measurement of how people  perceived the usability of computer systems on which they were working. This proved to be an …
E-learning success determinants: Brazilian empirical study | WA Cidral, T Oliveira, M Di Felice, M Aparicio - Computers & Education, 2018 - Elsevier | … In the following section, we explain how the theoretical model was developed and the  characteristics of the constructs and case studies. The … and results, the measurement model  and evaluation of the model are addressed through structural equation modeling. The discussion …
Architectural Patterns for Microservices: A Systematic Mapping Study. | D Taibi, V Lenarduzzi, C Pahl - CLOSER, 2018 - scitepress.org | … size, they are easier to maintain and more faulttolerant since the failure of one service will  not break the whole system, which could happen in a monolithic system (… Regarding the size  of the systems implemented, all the implementations are related to small-sized applications, …
Bayesian uncertainty estimation for batch normalized deep networks | M Teye, H Azizpour, K Smith - International Conference on …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … To add to the puzzle, the visualization in Figure 2 depicts an extremely promising uncertainty  estimation that models the predictive errors with high fidelity. We hypothesize that this strange  behavior is due to the small size of the data set, which only contains 60 test samples, or …
Session-based social recommendation via dynamic graph attention networks | W Song, Z Xiao, Y Wang, L Charlin, M Zhang… - … international conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We propose a recommender system for online communities based on a dynamic-graph-attention  neural network. We model dynamic user behaviors with a recurrent neural network, and  contextdependent social in uence with a graph-attention neural network, which dynamically …
Sparse-to-dense: Depth prediction from sparse depth samples and a single image | F Ma, S Karaman - … international conference on robotics and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this work, we demonstrate the effectiveness of using sparse depth measurements, in  addition to the RGB images, as part of the input to the system. We use a single convolutional  neural network to learn a deep regression model for depth image prediction. Our experimental …
A Survey on optimized implementation of deep learning models on the NVIDIA Jetson platform | S Mittal - Journal of Systems Architecture, 2019 - Elsevier | … Hence, a lightweight computing system can increase the battery life and flight time. It is  well-known that for each watt of power dissipated in a computing system, at least 0.5 W additional  power need to be spent on cooling system [25]. Hence, a low-power computing system can …
The VIA annotation software for images, audio and video | A Dutta, A Zisserman - … of the 27th ACM international conference on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … in software installation and setup procedure on different types of computing systems. The  VIA software and other recent annotation software … Since a standard web browser is already  installed in most computing systems, users can get up and running with our web browser based …
Mutual information neural estimation | MI Belghazi, A Baratin, S Rajeshwar… - International …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … Experiment: ALI+MINE In this section we compare MINE to existing bi-directional adversarial  models. As the decoder’s density is generally intractable, we use three different metrics  to measure the fidelity of the reconstructions with respect to the samples; (i) the euclidean …
Influence analysis in social networks: A survey | S Peng, Y Zhou, L Cao, S Yu, J Niu, W Jia - … of Network and Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Firstly, we do not have a mathematical definition and measurement of social influence;  Secondly, it is very difficult to decide the major … In this model, a node i will be activated by its  activated neighbors based on a weight metric w ( j , i ) . In order to measure the probability to be …
Stereonet: Guided hierarchical refinement for real-time edge-aware depth prediction | S Khamis, S Fanello, C Rhemann… - … Conference on …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … We use a batch size of 1 and we do not crop because of the smaller model size, unlike [29].  Our network needs around 150k iterations to reach convergence. We found that, intuitively,  training with the left and right disparity maps for an image pair at the same time significantly …
Melgan: Generative adversarial networks for conditional waveform synthesis | K Kumar, R Kumar, T de Boissiere, L Gestin… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … In Proceedings of the IEEE international conference on computer vision, pp. 2223–2232,  2017. … For VQGAN experiments, we used global latent vector of size 256, with KL term clamped  below by 1.0 to avoid posterior collapse. We trained our models on Nvidia GTX1080Ti or …
Big data analytics for manufacturing internet of things: opportunities, challenges and enabling technologies | HN Dai, H Wang, G Xu, J Wan… - … Information Systems, 2020 - Taylor & Francis | … Virtual machines (VMs) have been widely used to support cloud computing. Through  virtualization, multiple VMs can be emulated on a single computer system. VMs can help to  achieve the isolation of multiple virtual operating systems, on top of which multiple applications can …
The impact of the hybrid platform of internet of things and cloud computing on healthcare systems: opportunities, challenges, and open problems | A Darwish, AE Hassanien, M Elhoseny… - … Humanized Computing, 2019 - Springer | … In: Innovative mobile and internet services in ubiquitous computing (IMIS), 2012 sixth  international conference, IEEE, pp 918–921 … In: 2010 3rd IEEE international conference  on computer science and information technology (ICCSIT), Chengdu, pp 462–465. https://doi.org/…
Recent applications of big data analytics in railway transportation systems: A survey | F Ghofrani, Q He, RMP Goverde, X Liu - Transportation Research Part C …, 2018 - Elsevier | … In this regard, the tools that are currently developed in computer science can yield useful  applications for different domains of railways industry. However, it requires reliable and dedicated  computer systems as well as novel data analytic techniques, linguistic tools, and sensible …
A systematic literature review of machine learning methods applied to predictive maintenance | TP Carvalho, FA Soares, R Vita, RP Francisco… - Computers & Industrial …, 2019 - Elsevier | … maintenance; and the International Conference on Machine Learning and Applications (ICMLA)  is an important conference in the ML field. … In The fourth international conference on  networked computing and advanced information management (NCM) (pp. 123–128). volume 1. …
Understanding back-translation at scale | S Edunov, M Ott, M Auli, D Grangier - arXiv preprint arXiv:1808.09381, 2018 - arxiv.org | … The accuracy of the German-English back-translation systems steadily increases with more  training data: On newstest2012 we measure 13.5 BLEU for 80K bitext, 24.3 BLEU for 640K  and 28.3 BLEU for 5M. Figure 3 shows that sampling is more effective than beam for larger …
A framework for understanding unintended consequences of machine learning | H Suresh, JV Guttag - arXiv preprint arXiv:1901.10002, 2019 - cs.duke.edu | … Historical Bias Historical bias arises even if the data is perfectly measured and sampled, if  the world as it is leads a model to produce … measurement process just adds random noise,  the model parameters will converge to the those we would expect with the correctly measured …
Neural autoregressive flows | CW Huang, D Krueger, A Lacoste… - International …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … Concretely, our method amounts to using an autoregressive model to output the weights of  multiple independent transformer networks, each … Unfortunately, in practice RealNVP-style  models are not currently competitive with autoregressive models in terms of likelihood, perhaps …
Deep learning for healthcare applications based on physiological signals: A review | O Faust, Y Hagiwara, TJ Hong, OS Lih… - Computer methods and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … The offline system is used to design the required algorithm structure based on labelled data.  That algorithm structure is used in the online system to process measurement data. In most of  the cases, the system consists of three sequential processing steps: (1) preprocessing [23], …
An empower hamilton loop based data collection algorithm with mobile agent for WSNs | J Wang, X Gu, W Liu… - … centric Computing …, 2019 - hcis-journal.springeropen.com | … Using the energy consumption model mentioned in this article, the measurement results of each  algorithm for the energy consumption from nodes, the packet forward rate of … In: Proceeding  of international conference on methods and models in computer science, IEEE, pp 1–5 …
Ember: an open dataset for training static pe malware machine learning models | HS Anderson, P Roth - arXiv preprint arXiv:1804.04637, 2018 - arxiv.org | … We used the model architecture and training setup as prescribed and verified by the authors,  except that we train with a batch size of 100 … In Proceedings of the twelfth international  conference on machine learning, pages 115–123, 1995. [9] GE Dahl, JW Stokes, L. Deng, and D…
Robust malware detection for internet of (battlefield) things devices using deep eigenspace learning | A Azmoodeh, A Dehghantanha… - … sustainable computing, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this section, we evaluate the accuracy, precision, recall and F-measure of our proposed  approach, in order to demonstrate its robustness in … based three-factor authentication  scheme for global mobility networks in smart city,” Future Generation Computer Systems, 2017. …
Combining unsupervised and supervised learning in credit card fraud detection | F Carcillo, YA Le Borgne, O Caelen, Y Kessaci… - Information …, 2021 - Elsevier | … , we can see that, in comparison to the baseline model, the use of global outlier scores does  not significantly improve fraud detection. In the worst case (ie, “All Outliers,” where we use  only the outlier scores and do not consider the baseline feature space), we observe a strong …
A tutorial on quantitative trajectory evaluation for visual (-inertial) odometry | Z Zhang, D Scaramuzza - … IEEE/RSJ International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this section, we first define the states and the noisefree measurement model for a visual-inertial  system and then formulate VO/VIO as a … Measurement Models: The measurements of a  visualinertial system come from the cameras and the IMUs. The camera project 3D points to …
Alternative objective functions for deep clustering | ZQ Wang, J Le Roux, JR Hershey - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … have demonstrated overwhelming advantages over previous approaches including graphical  modeling approaches [6], spectral clustering … clusters of equal size. To avoid this, we can  normalize YY T and VV T so the objective is less dependent on cluster size. Consider the fol…
A novel hybrid antlion optimization algorithm for multi-objective task scheduling problems in cloud computing environments | L Abualigah, A Diabat - Cluster Computing, 2021 - Springer | … In this paper, the statistical analysis, t-test, is conducted according to the values of the  makespan measure as shown in Table 7. The one-sided t-test is conducted to check whether  the makespan measure values achieved by the proposed MALO is significantly less than that of …
Leukemia diagnosis in blood slides using transfer learning in CNNs and SVM for classification | LHS Vogado, RMS Veras, FHD Araujo… - … Applications of Artificial …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Over the years, multiple medical aid systems have been proposed. Among the diseases  aided by computer systems, leukemia is the one that has the highest number of fatalities among  adolescents and children, and the risk of developing it is higher in children up to five years of …
A survey on routing protocols supported by the Contiki Internet of things operating system | YB Zikria, MK Afzal, F Ishmanov, SW Kim… - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Although the computer system OS and embedded OS can support communication protocol  stack and networking, but a level and type of the … of the 9th annual international conference  on Mobile computing and networking, MobiCom ’03, San Diego, Calif, USA, Sep. 2003, pp. 134…
The hidden vulnerability of distributed learning in byzantium | R Guerraoui, S Rouault - International Conference on …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … In particular, we show that with typically used values for the batch size, Bulyan is comparable  to the speed of averaging (the fastest … We define the convergence speed, for a given mini–batch  size, as the accuracy the model reaches at a fixed, arbitrary epoch. We use the average, …
Conditional probability models for deep image compression | F Mentzer, E Agustsson, M Tschannen… - … IEEE Conference …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Our experiments show that this approach, when measured in MS-SSIM, yields a state-of-theart  image compression system based on a … the correct measure for bitrate R is the entropy H  of the resulting symbols. Thus the challenge, and the focus of this paper, is how to model H …
Abnormal respiratory patterns classifier may contribute to large-scale screening of people infected with COVID-19 in an accurate and unobtrusive manner | Y Wang, M Hu, Q Li, XP Zhang, G Zhai… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … Because of the scarcity of real-world data, we propose a novel Respiratory Simulation Model  to generate abundant training data. In validation experiments, the obtained BI-AT-GRU specific  to respiratory pattern classification yields the excellent performance, and outperforms the …
Using self-supervised learning can improve model robustness and uncertainty | D Hendrycks, M Mazeika, S Kadavath… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … Like before, we demonstrate that a self-supervised model can surpass a model that is  fully supervised. The fully supervised model is trained with Outlier Exposure using ImageNet-22K  outliers (with ImageNet-1K images removed). The architectural backbone for these …
Soft robot perception using embedded soft sensors and recurrent neural networks | TG Thuruthel, B Shih, C Laschi… - Science Robotics, 2019 - robotics.sciencemag.org | … Drawing inspiration from the human perceptive system, we created a synthetic analog. Our  synthetic system builds models using a redundant and unstructured sensor topology embedded  in a soft actuator, a vision-based motion capture system for ground truth, and a general …
Energy consumption model for sensor nodes based on LoRa and LoRaWAN | T Bouguera, JF Diouris, JJ Chaillout, R Jaouadi… - Sensors, 2018 - mdpi.com | … In this paper, we consider a connected sensor to measure the acceleration values. Internal  memory integrated into the microcontroller is enough for this type … No local storage of information  is considered in this model but we assume a real-time transmission of all measured data. …
MAD-GAN: Multivariate anomaly detection for time series data with generative adversarial networks | D Li, D Chen, B Jin, L Shi, J Goh, SK Ng - International Conference on …, 2019 - Springer | … We apply a sliding window with window size \(s_w\) and step size \(s_s\) to divide the  multivariate time series into a set of multivariate sub-sequences \(X=\lbrace x_i, i=1,2,...,m \rbrace  \subseteq \mathcal {R}^{s_w\times T}\) (as shown in the left bottom of Fig. ), where \(m=\frac{(M…
Tensorfuzz: Debugging neural networks with coverage-guided fuzzing | A Odena, C Olsson, D Andersen… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … We trained the model for 35000 steps with a mini-batch size of 100, at which point it had a  validation accuracy of 98%. We then checked that there were no elements … There is not a  straightforward way to measure how similar a real-valued output of the model is to a NaN value1. …
A novel attention-based hybrid CNN-RNN architecture for sEMG-based gesture recognition | Y Hu, Y Wong, W Wei, Y Du, M Kankanhalli, W Geng - PloS one, 2018 - journals.plos.org | The surface electromyography (sEMG)-based gesture recognition with deep learning  approach plays an increasingly important role in human-computer interaction. Existing deep  learning architectures are mainly based on Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture …
Simultaneous feature selection and support vector machine optimization using the grasshopper optimization algorithm | I Aljarah, AZ Ala'M, H Faris, MA Hassonah… - Cognitive …, 2018 - Springer | … After this iterative process, the final SVM model is used to evaluate the testing data using  the classification accuracy evaluation measure. … In: 2016 6th IEEE International  conference on control system, computing and engineering (ICCSCE). IEEE; 2016. p. …
Using long short-term memory deep neural networks for aspect-based sentiment analysis of Arabic reviews | M Al-Smadi, B Talafha, M Al-Ayyoub… - International Journal of …, 2019 - Springer | … Therefore, we propose an enhanced model building on the features provided by the LSTM  model in general and the bi-directional LSTM in particular. The … In: 2014 IEEE/ACS 11th  international conference on computer systems and applications (AICCSA), IEEE, pp 148–155 …
Emotion recognition in speech using cross-modal transfer in the wild | S Albanie, A Nagrani, A Vedaldi… - … international conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … supervision across modalities from faces to a speech, and then train a speech emotion  recognition model using speaking facetracks (section 5); and, (iv) we demonstrate that the resulting  speech model is capable of classifying emotion on two external datasets (section 5.2). A by…
Smart cities with big data: Reference models, challenges, and considerations | C Lim, KJ Kim, PP Maglio - Cities, 2018 - Elsevier | … Furthermore, building upon the relevant literature, this paper proposes five considerations  for addressing the challenges in implementing the reference models in real-world applications.  The reference models, challenges, and considerations collectively form a framework for …
Time-frequency masking-based speech enhancement using generative adversarial network | MH Soni, N Shah, HA Patil - … IEEE International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The success of time-frequency (TF) mask-based approaches is dependent on the accuracy of  predicted mask given the noisy spectral features. The state-of-the-art methods in T- F  masking-based enhancement employ Deep Neural Network (DNN) to predict mask. Recently, …
Model cards for model reporting | M Mitchell, S Wu, A Zaldivar, P Barnes… - … of the conference on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … -centered machine learning models in the application fields of computer vision and natural  language processing, this framework can be used to document any trained machine learning  model. To solidify the concept, we provide cards for two supervised models: One trained to …
WAMS based intelligent under frequency load shedding considering online disturbance estimation | TC Njenda, MEH Golshan… - … Smart Grid Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … with using wide area measurement systems (WAMS). … measurements, the actual  disturbance in the system is determined a few seconds before performing load shedding. Time  domain simulations on an analytic system frequency response model of wide area power system …
Cognitive computing and wireless communications on the edge for healthcare service robots | S Wan, Z Gu, Q Ni - Computer Communications, 2020 - Elsevier | … applications of edge computing scenarios of mobile healthcare robots and give details on  edge/centralized computing analysis in a task-… Despite the success of data-driven methods,  such methods fail to work efficiently with limited size of training data because they require large …
Multi-spectral and panchromatic image fusion approach using stationary wavelet transform and swarm flower pollination optimization for remote sensing applications | R Gharbia, AE Hassanien, AH El-Baz… - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … γ is a scaling factor to control the step size. The L( λ ) is the parameter, more specifically the  Lévy-flights-based step size. The parameter L is the … Moreover, he served as the co-chair,  the publication chair, the program chair, and a track chair for several international conferences …
Learning to paint with model-based deep reinforcement learning | Z Huang, W Heng, S Zhou - … /CVF International Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | We show how to teach machines to paint like human painters, who can use a small number  of strokes to create fantastic paintings. By employing a neural renderer in model-based  Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL), our agents learn to determine the position and color of …
Gaining-sharing knowledge based algorithm for solving optimization problems: a novel nature-inspired algorithm | AW Mohamed, AA Hadi, AK Mohamed - International Journal of Machine …, 2020 - Springer | … In: 2007 International conference on wireless communications, networking and mobile  computing… In: 2008 IEEE international conference on systems, man and cybernetics, pp  2646–2651 … In: 2009 IEEE international conference on intelligent computing and intelligent …
Data augmentation using learned transformations for one-shot medical image segmentation | A Zhao, G Balakrishnan, F Durand… - … /CVF Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … We synthesize variations in imaging intensity using a global intensity multiplicative factor  sampled uniformly from the range [0.5, 1.5], similarly to [35, 40]. We selected the range to match  the intensity variations in the dataset; this is representative of how augmentation parameters …
A survey of physics-based attack detection in cyber-physical systems | J Giraldo, D Urbina, A Cardenas, J Valente… - ACM Computing …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … using real-time measurements of the physical world to build indicators of attacks. Our work  is motivated by false sensor measurements [60… The difference rk between the observations  predicted by our model ˆyk+1 and the sensor measurements received from the fieldyk+1 is …
Non-local neural networks | X Wang, R Girshick, A Gupta… - … conference on computer …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … We train on an 8-GPU machine and each GPU has 8 clips in a mini-batch (so in total with a  mini-batch size of 64 clips). We train our models … To fit this model into memory, we reduce  the mini-batch size to 2 clips per GPU. As a result of using small mini-batches, we freeze all BN …
Improving neural network quantization without retraining using outlier channel splitting | R Zhao, Y Hu, J Dotzel, C De Sa… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … This reduces the model size as well as the complexity of multiply-accumulate (MAC) operations  in hardware, enabling better throughput and … this distortion by splitting the outliers instead,  moving them towards the center of the distribution at the cost of some model size overhead. …
Attention augmented convolutional networks | I Bello, B Zoph, A Vaswani… - … IEEE/CVF international …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | Convolutional networks have enjoyed much success in many computer vision applications.  The convolution operation however has a significant weakness in that it only operates on a  local neighbourhood, thus missing global information. Self-attention, on the other hand, has …
Dpod: 6d pose object detector and refiner | S Zakharov, I Shugurov, S Ilic - … International Conference on …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … [32], which estimate dense correspondences between the human body model and the humans  in the image, we propose a novel 3D object … In 2011 international conference on computer  vision, pages 858–865. IEEE, 2011. [12] Stefan Hinterstoisser, Vincent Lepetit, Slobodan Ilic…
Lio-sam: Tightly-coupled lidar inertial odometry via smoothing and mapping | T Shan, B Englot, D Meyers, W Wang… - … /RSJ International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … sensors that offer absolute measurements for eliminating drift. Such sensors include an  altimeter, compass, and GPS. For the purposes of illustration here, we discuss GPS, as it is  widely used in real-world navigation systems. When we receive GPS measurements, we first …
Short-term photovoltaic solar power forecasting using a hybrid Wavelet-PSO-SVM model based on SCADA and Meteorological information | AT Eseye, J Zhang, D Zheng - Renewable energy, 2018 - Elsevier | … In this study, the forecasting system used meteorological predictions of a specific NWP model,  called WRF model, obtained in the vicinity of the PV system … The variability of a forecasting  model, after fitting, is a measure of the uncertainty of the model and can be measured by …
Visualizing and understanding atari agents | S Greydanus, A Koul, J Dodge… - International Conference …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | While deep reinforcement learning (deep RL) agents are effective at maximizing rewards, it is  often unclear what strategies they use to do so. In this paper, we take a step toward explaining  deep RL agents through a case study using Atari 2600 environments. In particular, we …
Introducing wesad, a multimodal dataset for wearable stress and affect detection | P Schmidt, A Reiss, R Duerichen, C Marberger… - … 20th ACM international …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Long-term stress is known to have severe implications on wellbeing, which call for continuous  and automated stress monitoring systems. However, the affective computing community  lacks commonly used standard datasets for wearable stress detection which a) provide …
Kindling the darkness: A practical low-light image enhancer | Y Zhang, J Zhang, X Guo - … of the 27th ACM international conference on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In addition, our model spends less than 50ms to process an image in VGA resolution on a  2080Ti GPU. All the above … size is set to be 10 and patch-size to be 48x48. While for the  reflectance restoration net and illumination adjustment net, batch size is set to be 4 and patch-size …
Hamiltonian neural networks | SJ Greydanus, M Dzumba, J Yosinski - 2019 - proceedings.neurips.cc | … To determine the energy metric, we integrated our models according to Equation 1 starting  from a random test point. Then we used MSE to measure how much a given model’s dynamics  diverged from the ground truth. Intuitively, the loss metrics measure our model’s ability to fit …
Fog computing for Healthcare 4.0 environment: Opportunities and challenges | A Kumari, S Tanwar, S Tyagi, N Kumar - Computers & Electrical …, 2018 - Elsevier | Internet of things provides interaction with billions of objects across the world using the Internet.  In Internet of thing era, Healthcare Industry has grown-up from 1.0 to 4.0 generation. Healthcare  3.0 was hospital centric, where patients of long-lasting sickness suffered a lot due to …
Internet-of-things and smart homes for elderly healthcare: An end user perspective | D Pal, S Funilkul, N Charoenkitkarn… - IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … It is a powerful technique as it assumes that the individual constructs are variated one by  one with the rest in the model and the final model fit indices are monitored in the measurement  part of the model. Although this technique enables us to create the measurement model, but …
The Index of Pupillary Activity: Measuring Cognitive Load vis-à-vis Task Difficulty with Pupil Oscillation | AT Duchowski, K Krejtz, I Krejtz, C Biele… - … in computing systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … load holds promise, as eye movements are both known to correlate with cognitive activity  and likely to become more widely available to computer systems as gaze tracking tools are  developed for both commercial-grade web cameras and for devices that support augmented …
Bayesian model-agnostic meta-learning | J Yoon, T Kim, O Dia, S Kim, Y Bengio… - … the 32nd International …, 2018 - papers.neurips.cc | … the meta-level statistical regularity in the initial model parameters, our method is the first  Bayesian model-agnostic meta-learning method which is thus … Because this could sometimes  be an issue when training a large model, in the Experiment section we introduce a way to share …
Multi-layer cloud architectural model and ontology-based security service framework for IoT-based smart homes | M Tao, J Zuo, Z Liu, A Castiglione, F Palmieri - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … His primary research interests include protocol design and performance analysis in next-generation  wireless/mobile networks, IoT and Cloud computing. He has served as a reviewer for  several IEEE international conferences and International Journals. …
Towards vqa models that can read | A Singh, V Natarajan, M Shah… - … /CVF Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … , we rely on an OCR model which is not jointly trained with our system. We assume that the  OCR model can read and return word tokens … We train all of our models for 24000 iterations  with a batch size of 128 on 8 GPUs. We set the maximum question length to 14 and maximum …
Big self-supervised models are strong semi-supervised learners | T Chen, S Kornblith, K Swersky, M Norouzi… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … size is important: Using a big (deep and wide) neural network for self-supervised pretraining  and fine-tuning greatly improves accuracy. In addition to the network size, we … Beyond model  size, we also see the importance of increasing parameter efficiency as the other important …
A comprehensive survey of AI-enabled phishing attacks detection techniques | A Basit, M Zafar, X Liu, AR Javed, Z Jalil… - … Systems, 2021 - Springer | … In 2017 IEEE international conference on intelligence and security informatics (ISI) (pp.  72–77). IEEE. … Identification of phishing attack in websites using random forest-svm hybrid  model. In International conference on intelligent systems design and applications (pp. 120–128). …
Deep packet: A novel approach for encrypted traffic classification using deep learning | M Lotfollahi, MJ Siavoshani, RSH Zade, M Saberian - Soft Computing, 2020 - Springer | … of the computer networks are constrained by Maximum Transmission Unit (MTU) size of 1500  … In: Proceedings of the 26th annual international conference on machine learning, ACM, …  In: Proceedings of the 33rd international conference on international conference on machine …
Edge server placement in mobile edge computing | S Wang, Y Zhao, J Xu, J Yuan, CH Hsu - … and Distributed Computing, 2019 - Elsevier | … In Section 3, we introduce the system model and problem definitions, and we propose our  edge server placement approach. In Section 4, we illustrate the comparative experimental  evaluation results, while in Section 5, we conclude the paper, including an outlook on our future …
A survey of deep learning-based network anomaly detection | D Kwon, H Kim, J Kim, SC Suh, I Kim, KJ Kim - Cluster Computing, 2019 - Springer | … The main objective of ID is to identify abnormal behaviors and attempts caused by intruders  in the network and computer system, and it is a big challenge to design and implement an  intrusion detection system (IDS) meeting the objective [3, 4]. Depending on where the intrusion …
Machine learning at the network edge: A survey | MGS Murshed, C Murphy, D Hou, N Khan… - ACM Computing …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … This has led to the generation of large quantities of data in real-time, which is an appealing  target for AI systems. However, deploying machine learning models on such end-devices is  nearly impossible. A typical solution involves offloading data to external computing systems (…
Yolov4: Optimal speed and accuracy of object detection | A Bochkovskiy, CY Wang, HYM Liao - arXiv preprint arXiv:2004.10934, 2020 - arxiv.org | … Hypothetically speaking, we can assume that a model with a larger receptive field size (with  a larger number of convolutional layers 3 × 3) and a larger number of parameters should be  selected as the backbone. Table 1 shows the information of CSPResNeXt50, CSPDarknet53…
Social influence as intrinsic motivation for multi-agent deep reinforcement learning | N Jaques, A Lazaridou, E Hughes… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … We term this ablated model the visible actions baseline. In this and all other results figures,  we measure the total collective reward obtained using the best hyperparameter setting  tested with 5 random seeds each. Error bars show a 99.5% confidence interval (CI) over the …
Gaussian yolov3: An accurate and fast object detector using localization uncertainty for autonomous driving | J Choi, D Chun, H Kim, HJ Lee - … International Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | The use of object detection algorithms is becoming increasingly important in autonomous  vehicles, and object detection at high accuracy and a fast inference speed is essential for safe  autonomous driving. A false positive (FP) from a false localization during autonomous driving …
Intelligent diagnostic prediction and classification system for chronic kidney disease | M Elhoseny, K Shankar, J Uthayakumar - Scientific reports, 2019 - nature.com | … The proposed D-ACO model will attain high classification performance with few features  and achieve optimal performance measurements. Moreover, the process involved in the D-ACO  algorithm is shown in Fig. , and the pseudo code is provided in Algorithm 1 with the …
Top-k off-policy correction for a REINFORCE recommender system | M Chen, A Beutel, P Covington, S Jain… - … ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … model quality. In particular, we would like to measure if serving a stochastic policy, under  which we sample from the softmax model as described in Section 5, results in better  recommendations than serving a deterministic policy where the model always recommends the …
Clinically applicable AI system for accurate diagnosis, quantitative measurements, and prognosis of COVID-19 pneumonia using computed tomography | K Zhang, X Liu, J Shen, Z Li, Y Sang, X Wu, Y Zha… - Cell, 2020 - Elsevier | … Our AI COVID-19 diagnostic system consisted of two models including a lung-lesion segmentation  model and a diagnosis analysis model (Figures 1 and S2). We constructed a segmentation  network trained with 4,695 manually segmented slices from NCP patients and common …
Artificial intelligence (AI) methods in optical networks: A comprehensive survey | J Mata, I de Miguel, RJ Duran, N Merayo… - Optical switching and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Artificial intelligence (AI) is an extensive scientific discipline which enables computer systems  to solve problems by emulating complex biological processes such as learning, reasoning  and self-correction. This paper presents a comprehensive review of the application of AI …
Fast and scalable bayesian deep learning by weight-perturbation in adam | M Khan, D Nielsen, V Tangkaratt… - International …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … One source of the difficulty is the size of θ and D which are usually very large in deep learning.  Another source is the nonconjugacy of the likelihood p(… Finally, we are thankful for the  RAIDEN computing system at the RIKEN Center for AI Project, which we extensively used for our …
Feature selection based on artificial bee colony and gradient boosting decision tree | H Rao, X Shi, AK Rodrigue, J Feng, Y Xia… - … Soft Computing, 2019 - Elsevier | … and distinguish those features which have an effect to results of the model. In GBDT, Friedman  proposed a global important degree of the feature j , which is measured by the average  importance degree in a single tree: (12) J j 2 = 1 M ∑ m = 1 M J j 2 ( T m ) where M is the …
Deep learning techniques for medical image segmentation: achievements and challenges | MH Hesamian, W Jia, X He, P Kennedy - Journal of digital imaging, 2019 - Springer | … One of the first pure 3D models was introduced to segment the brain tumor of arbitrary size  [76]. Their idea was followed by Kamnitsas [41] who … Furthermore, the objects in biomedical  images may have very different appearance and size so transfer learning from the models with …
Engagement detection in online learning: a review | M Dewan, M Murshed, F Lin - Smart Learning Environments, 2019 - Springer | … measurement, and provide recommendations for the future to advance the technology of  engagement measurement for online education. … In a computer vision based engagement  detection system, video streams are captured using a webcam or a surveillance camera, where …
Deepmove: Predicting human mobility with attentional recurrent networks | J Feng, Y Li, C Zhang, F Sun, F Meng, A Guo… - … wide web conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … After that, we apply our model on three real-world mobility datasets and conduct extensive  analysis on the performance in Section 4. After … , the size of the location candidate set can  also be up to ten thousand, which makes the location representation sparse and the system …
Faceforensics++: Learning to detect manipulated facial images | A Rossler, D Cozzolino, L Verdoliva… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … We used the default parameters to train the video-pair models. Since the training of these  models is very time-consuming, we also publish the models as part of the dataset. This  facilitates generation of additional manipulations of these persons with different post-processing. …
Salp swarm algorithm: a comprehensive survey | L Abualigah, M Shehab, M Alshinwan… - Neural Computing and …, 2020 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of the 2nd international conference on future networks and distributed  systems. ACM, New York, p 17 … In: Proceedings of the 2nd international conference on  intelligent systems, metaheuristics and swarm intelligence. ACM, New York, pp 65–69 …
Adversarial geometry-aware human motion prediction | LY Gui, YX Wang, X Liang… - … European Conference …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … By leveraging the local frame-wise geometric structure and addressing the global  sequence-level fidelity and continuity, we propose a novel model that significantly improves the  performance of short-term 3D human motion prediction as well as generates realistic periodic and …
Mining point cloud local structures by kernel correlation and graph pooling | Y Shen, C Feng, Y Yang, D Tian - … conference on computer …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Yet in face of the aforementioned challenge of defining convolution on point clouds, how can  we measure the correlation between two point sets? This question … dings of the ninth ACM  SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining, pages 137–146. …
Larger norm more transferable: An adaptive feature norm approach for unsupervised domain adaptation | R Xu, G Li, J Yang, L Lin - … /CVF International Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Sensitivity of Embedding Size: We investigate the sensitivity of embedding size of the task-specific  features as it plays a significant role in norm … 3(d), the accuracy stays almost the same  and achieves slightly higher when the embedding size is set to 1000, indicating that our …
On the problem of monitoring a technological process based on multipoint spatial measurement of parameters | IV Kovalev, VV Losev, MV Saramud… - IOP Conference …, 2019 - iopscience.iop.org | … Secondly, we can obtain the value of the parameter being measured by multiversion voting,  comparing both the directly measured value … detecting failures in the readings measured by  the sensors. For example, if the direct readings of the measuring system return data that are …
Deep residual bidir-LSTM for human activity recognition using wearable sensors | Y Zhao, R Yang, G Chevalier, X Xu… - Mathematical Problems in …, 2018 - hindawi.com | … In Table 3, we compare proposed model with previous model and variants of LSTM. The best  result is written in bold, … We also find that window size is a key parameter. Too small window  does not guarantee continuity of information, and too large window causes classification …
