Parties: Qos-aware resource partitioning for multiple interactive services | S Chen, C Delimitrou, JF Martínez - … Conference on Architectural Support …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Architectural Support for  Programming Languages and Operating Syste … Multi-tenancy in modern datacenters is  currently limited to a single latency-critical, interactive service, running alongside one or more low-…
Architectural implications of function-as-a-service computing | M Shahrad, J Balkind, D Wentzlaff - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … of the Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming  Languages and Operating Systems, ASPLOS ’19, (New … hardware,” in Proceedings of the  Seventeenth International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and …
Phi: Architectural support for synchronization-and bandwidth-efficient commutative scatter updates | A Mukkara, N Beckmann, D Sanchez - … /ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We introduce novel architectural support in the memory hierarchy to make scatter updates  efficient both in terms of synchronization and … In Proceedings of the 7th international conference  on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS…
WSMeter: A performance evaluation methodology for Google's production warehouse-scale computers | J Lee, C Kim, K Lin, L Cheng, R Govindaraju… - … International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We observe our live production WSC running thousands of jobs which constitute globalscale  internet services (eg, databases [8, 12], data analytics [16], websearch [4, 6], infrastructure  support [7]). The WSC consists of several thousand machines – we subdivide it into a current …
Amdahl's law for tail latency | C Delimitrou, C Kozyrakis - Communications of the ACM, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Optimizing for tail latency is already changing the way we build operating systems, cluster  managers, and data services.,8 This article investigates how the focus on tail latency affects  hardware designs, including what types of processor cores to build, how much chip area to …
Time-sensitive intermittent computing meets legacy software | V Kortbeek, KS Yildirim, A Bakar, J Sorber… - … Architectural Support …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Tiny energy harvesting sensors that operate intermittently, without batteries, have become an  increasingly appealing way to gather data in hard to reach places at low cost. Frequent power  failures make forward progress, data preservation and consistency, and timely operation …
Orbital edge computing: Nanosatellite constellations as a new class of computer system | B Denby, B Lucia - … on Architectural Support for Programming Languages …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … architecture can reduce ground infrastructure over 24× compared to a bent-pipe architecture,  and we show that pipelines can reduce system … , we aim to raise awareness of system-level  research questions for orbital edge computer systems equipped with high-datarate cameras …
Bit-tactical: A software/hardware approach to exploiting value and bit sparsity in neural networks | A Delmas Lascorz, P Judd, DM Stuart… - … Architectural Support …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Architectural Support for  Programming Languages and Operating Syste … TCL frontend supports and thus reduce the  number of bits needed to specify which schedule to use at every step. For example, we can store a …
An open-source benchmark suite for microservices and their hardware-software implications for cloud & edge systems | Y Gan, Y Zhang, D Cheng, A Shetty, P Rathi… - … Architectural Support …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We also show the number of unique microservices for each application, and the breakdown  per programming language. Unless otherwise … We now examine the role of operating  systems and networking under the new microservices model. OS vs. user-level breakdown: Fig. …
Catalyzer: Sub-millisecond startup for serverless computing with initialization-less booting | D Du, T Yu, Y Xia, B Zang, G Yan, C Qin, Q Wu… - … Architectural Support …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Our studies on serverless functions (written by five programming languages) show that  most of the startup latency comes from application … We measure the performance with both  micro-benchmarks and realworld applications developed in five programming languages. …
Floem: A programming system for NIC-accelerated network applications | PM Phothilimthana, M Liu, A Kaufmann… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … We design FLOEM to help programmers explore how to offload their server network  applications to a NIC. … programming language based on SDF for programming heterogeneous  computers that feature GPUs and FPGAs. Although some variations of these languages support …
A survey on resource management in IoT operating systems | A Musaddiq, YB Zikria, O Hahm, H Yu, AK Bashir… - IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … It has eventdriven concurrency, a programming layout based on NesC (a dialect of the C  programming language), a monolithic architecture, and a non-preemptive task scheduler.  TinyOS memory management, energy management, and energyefficient communications …
Heterogeneous isolated execution for commodity gpus | I Jang, A Tang, T Kim, S Sethumadhavan… - … Programming Languages …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … To support isolated remote execution on GPUs even under vulnerable operating systems,  this paper proposes a novel hardware and software architecture, called HIX (Heterogeneous  Isolated eXecution). HIX does not require modifications to the GPU architecture to offer …
An empirical guide to the behavior and use of scalable persistent memory | J Yang, J Kim, M Hoseinzadeh, J Izraelevitz… - … Conference on File and …, 2020 - usenix.org | … Furthermore, Optane DIMM’s persistence, combined with the architectural support that Intel’s  latest processors provide, leads to a wider … In Proceedings of the Sixteenth International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, …
Bridge the gap between neural networks and neuromorphic hardware with a neural network compiler | Y Ji, Y Zhang, W Chen, Y Xie - … International Conference on Architectural …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Different from developing neural networks (NNs) for general-purpose processors, the  development for NN chips usually faces with some hardware-specific restrictions, such as limited  precision of network signals and parameters, constrained computation scale, and limited types …
Characterizing co-located datacenter workloads: An alibaba case study | Y Cheng, Z Chai, A Anwar - … the 9th Asia-Pacific Workshop on Systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … To better facilitate the understanding of interactions among the co-located workloads and  their real-world operational demands Alibaba … In Proceedings of the Eighteenth International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (…
Internet of Things (IoT) operating systems management: Opportunities, challenges, and solution | YB Zikria, SW Kim, O Hahm, MK Afzal, MY Aalsalem - Sensors, 2019 - mdpi.com | … It supports development in both C and C++ programming language. It is built on top of  monolithic kernel and provides completely fair scheduler. Android things memory requirements  makes it unsuitable for low-end constrained IoT devices rather it is designed for high-end IoT …
Intelligence beyond the edge: Inference on intermittent embedded systems | G Gobieski, B Lucia, N Beckmann - … Conference on Architectural Support …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Energy-harvesting technology provides a promising platform for future IoT applications.  However, since communication is very expensive in these devices, applications will require  inference" beyond the edge" to avoid wasting precious energy on pointless communication. We …
PUMA: A programmable ultra-efficient memristor-based accelerator for machine learning inference | A Ankit, IE Hajj, SR Chalamalasetti, G Ndu… - … Architectural Support …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Architectural Support for  Programming Languages and Operating Syste … In 2019 Architectural Support for Programming  Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS ’19), April 13–17, 2019, Providence, RI, USA. …
A computational temporal logic for superconducting accelerators | G Tzimpragos, D Vasudevan, N Tsiskaridze… - … Architectural Support …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … If we instead think about these pulses as the natural representation of data in a superconducting  system, the natural language for … architecture that alleviates the clock distribution and  skew problems met in traditional digital designs ported from CMOS to the RSFQ world…
Software mitigation of crosstalk on noisy intermediate-scale quantum computers | P Murali, DC McKay, M Martonosi… - … International Conference …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … to evaluate schedule qualities on real quantum systems (with real-world noise characteristics),  … schedule qualities by considering spatial as well as temporal aspects of the schedule —  that is, which operations should be scheduled when and in proximity to which other operations…
Understanding real-world concurrency bugs in Go | T Tu, X Liu, L Song, Y Zhang - … International Conference on Architectural …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Go is a statically-typed programming language that aims to provide a simple, efficient, and safe  way to build multi-threaded software. Since its creation in 2009, Go has matured and gained  significant adoption in production and open-source software. Go advocates for the usage …
Morpheus: A vulnerability-tolerant secure architecture based on ensembles of moving target defenses with churn | M Gallagher, L Biernacki, S Chen, ZB Aweke… - … Architectural Support …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … To ensure attack probes fail, the architecture incorporates churn to transparently re-randomize  program values underneath the running system. With frequent churn, systems quickly  become impractically difficult to penetrate. We demonstrate Morpheus through a RISC-V-based …
Seer: Leveraging big data to navigate the complexity of performance debugging in cloud microservices | Y Gan, Y Zhang, K Hu, D Cheng, Y He… - … on architectural support …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … , a Media Service, an E-commerce Site, and a Banking System. Starting from the Go-microservices  architecture [3], we also develop an end-to-end Hotel Reservation system. … it includes,  and its breakdown by programming language and framework. Unless otherwise noted, all …
Nimble page management for tiered memory systems | Z Yan, D Lustig, D Nellans… - … Programming Languages …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Implemented in Linux and evaluated on x86, Power, and ARM64 systems, our OS support  for heterogeneous memories improves ap… Of course, the particular configuration will vary by  system. The critical operating system support needed to enable the vision of efficiently moving …
On the detectability of control flow using memory access patterns | R Buhren, F Hetzelt, N Pirnay - … of the 3rd Workshop on System Software …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Proceedings of the 13th international conference on Architectural support for  programming languages and … Proceedings of the seventeenth international conference  on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems - …
Noise-adaptive compiler mappings for noisy intermediate-scale quantum computers | P Murali, JM Baker, A Javadi-Abhari… - … Architectural Support …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … to OpenQASM assembly code [10] and then to the web-accessible IBMQ16 machine for  real-system evaluation. For 12 QC programs written in the Scaffold quantum programming  language [1], we use this framework to explore how optimal and heuristic mapping methods, qubit …
Heax: An architecture for computing on encrypted data | MS Riazi, K Laine, B Pelton, W Dai - … Languages and Operating Systems, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … operations supported by FHE, thus accelerating any FHE-based privacy-preserving system.  Prior Art and Challenges. One of the main challenges of designing an architecture … Nevertheless,  our proposed architecture is generic and supports any number of components. • CKKS.…
Tackling the qubit mapping problem for NISQ-era quantum devices | G Li, Y Ding, Y Xie - … Architectural Support for Programming Languages …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In 2019 Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS  ’19), April 13–17, 2019, Providence, RI, USA. … + and Python can be over 100 times, the  speedup can still be estimated to be dozens of times if the same programming language is used. …
Tangram: Optimized coarse-grained dataflow for scalable nn accelerators | M Gao, X Yang, J Pu, M Horowitz… - … Programming Languages …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The use of increasingly larger and more complex neural networks (NNs) makes it critical to  scale the capabilities and efficiency of NN accelerators. Tiled architectures provide an  intuitive scaling solution that supports both coarse-grained parallelism in NNs: intra-layer …
Finding and fixing performance pathologies in persistent memory software stacks | J Xu, J Kim, A Memaripour, S Swanson - … for Programming Languages …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … systems share two key characteristics: First, they implement direct access (DAX) features.  DAX lets the file system avoid using the operating system … The first native file system we are  aware of is BPFS [17], a copy-on-write file system that introduced short-circuit shadow paging …
Steal but no force: Efficient hardware undo+ redo logging for persistent memory systems | MA Ogleari, EL Miller, J Zhao - … IEEE International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Finally, with multithreaded workloads, context switches by the operating system (OS) can  interrupt the logging and persistent … architecture support for persistent memory systems, our  design further relaxes ordering constraints on caches with less hardware cost.Hardware support …
Devirtualizing memory in heterogeneous systems | S Haria, MD Hill, MM Swift - … International Conference on Architectural …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We use gem5’s full-system mode to run workloads on our modified Linux operating system.  The configuration details of the simulation are shown in Table 2. For energy results, we use  access energy numbers from Cacti 6.5 [38] and access counts from our gem5 simulation. …
Graviton: Trusted execution environments on gpus | S Volos, K Vaswani, R Bruno - … } Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … who controls the entire system software, including the device drivers, the guest operating  system, and the … Architectural support for copy and tamper resistant software. In International …  In International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and …
The architectural implications of autonomous driving: Constraints and acceleration | SC Lin, Y Zhang, CH Hsu, M Skach… - … Architectural Support …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Autonomous driving systems have attracted a significant amount of interest recently, and  many industry leaders, such as Google, Uber, Tesla, and Mobileye, have invested a large  amount of capital and engineering power on developing such systems. Building autonomous …
RPCValet: NI-driven tail-aware balancing of µs-scale RPCs | A Daglis, M Sutherland, B Falsafi - … Support for Programming Languages …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Modern online services come with stringent quality requirements in terms of response time  tail latency. Because of their decomposition into fine-grained communicating software layers,  a single user request fans out into a plethora of short, μs-scale RPCs, aggravating the need …
Not all qubits are created equal: a case for variability-aware policies for NISQ-era quantum computers | SS Tannu, MK Qureshi - … International Conference on Architectural …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Architectural Support for  Programming Languages and Operating Syste … We analyze the reliability of two-qubit  operations for the IBM quantum computer. Figure 7 shows the distribution of the error-rate …
Patdnn: Achieving real-time dnn execution on mobile devices with pattern-based weight pruning | W Niu, X Ma, S Lin, S Wang, X Qian, X Lin… - … Architectural Support …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the Twenty-Fifth International Conference on Architectural Support for  Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS ’20), March 16–20, 2020,  Lausanne, Switzerland. ACM, New York, NY, USA, 16 pages. https://doi.org/ 10.1145/…
MLIR: A compiler infrastructure for the end of Moore's law | C Lattner, M Amini, U Bondhugula, A Cohen… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … (2) evaluation of MLIR as a generalized infrastructure that reduces the cost of building  compilers—describing diverse use-cases to show research and educational opportunities for  future programming languages, compilers, execution environments, and computer architecture. …
Context-sensitive fencing: Securing speculative execution via microcode customization | M Taram, A Venkat, D Tullsen - … International Conference on Architectural …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | This paper describes context-sensitive fencing (CSF), a microcode-level defense against  multiple variants of Spectre. CSF leverages the ability to dynamically alter the decoding of the  instruction stream, to seamlessly inject new micro-ops, including fences, only when dynamic …
Cloud programming simplified: A berkeley view on serverless computing | E Jonas, J Schleier-Smith, V Sreekanti, CC Tsai… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … cloud programming, and represents an evolution that parallels the transition from assembly  language to high-level programming languages… libraries strictly required by the application,  which leads to a much lower footprint than traditional operating systems. It is worth noting that …
TASO: optimizing deep learning computation with automatic generation of graph substitutions | Z Jia, O Padon, J Thomas, T Warszawski… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … To illustrate how TASO optimizes this architecture, we show two example substitutions  discovered by TASO; neither is present in any existing DNN framework. Figure 8b shows graph  substitutions that transform two average pooling operators followed by element-wise addition …
Google workloads for consumer devices: Mitigating data movement bottlenecks | A Boroumand, S Ghose, Y Kim… - … Architectural Support …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … systems support user-transparent file system compression (eg, BTRFS [122] and ZFS [11]).  Such compression is not yet widely supported in commercial mobile operating systems … An  in-memory compression unit can enable efficient user-transparent file system compression by …
Neural code comprehension: A learnable representation of code semantics | T Ben-Nun, AS Jakobovits, T Hoefler - arXiv preprint arXiv:1806.07336, 2018 - arxiv.org | … We draw the definition of semantics from Operational Semantics in programming language  theory, which refers to the effects (eg, preconditions, postconditions) of each computational  step in a given program. In this paper, we specifically assume that each statement modifies the …
Cross-failure bug detection in persistent memory programs | S Liu, K Seemakhupt, Y Wei, T Wenisch… - … Architectural Support …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Persistent memory (PM) technologies, such as Intel's Optane memory, deliver high  performance, byte-addressability, and persistence, allowing programs to directly manipulate  persistent data in memory without any OS intermediaries. An important requirement of these …
Softsku: Optimizing server architectures for microservice diversity@ scale | A Sriraman, A Dhanotia, TF Wenisch - … the 46th International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Are there common bottlenecks across microservices that we might address when selecting  a future server CPU architecture? To this end, we undertake comprehensive system-level  and architectural characterizations of these microservices on Facebook production systems …
Specshield: Shielding speculative data from microarchitectural covert channels | K Barber, A Bacha, L Zhou, Y Zhang… - … 28th International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … -up routines for inter-process data during a context switch by the operating system, respectively.  Additionally, Spectre-v2 attacks with the following prop… ceedings of the 11th international  conference on Architectural support for programming languages and operating systems, …
PMTest: A fast and flexible testing framework for persistent memory programs | S Liu, Y Wei, J Zhao, A Kolli, S Khan - … for Programming Languages and …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Further, our experiments also reveal that PMTest checkers can help programmers understand  … We find out that PMTest can help programmers demystify the semantics of library functions.  … PMTest can help programmers check whether library semantics are consistent with what …
A factory operating system for extending existing factories to Industry 4.0 | S Lass, N Gronau - Computers in industry, 2020 - Elsevier | … The High-Level-Runtime (HLR) enable the usage of high-level programming languages  and programming paradigms, which delivers quick and simplified extensions for complex  information processing. Depending on the manufacturing unit and its intended application, the …
Making huge pages actually useful | A Panwar, A Prasad, K Gopinath - … Architectural Support for Programming …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … While previous work indicates that the existing OS designs can effectively handle unmovable  pages [59], we believe this to be erroneous at least in the context of long-running systems.  We identify two major issues to be the root cause of various performance anomalies that …
Timeloop: A systematic approach to dnn accelerator evaluation | A Parashar, P Raina, YS Shao, YH Chen… - … IEEE international …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … of hardware implementation have created a large architecture design space. In addition,  for a given DNN layer, ie, a workload, a flexible architecture may permit many different ways  of scheduling operations and staging data on the same architecture, which we call different …
VAULT: Reducing paging overheads in SGX with efficient integrity verification structures | M Taassori, A Shafiee… - … Programming Languages …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the Twenty-Third International Conference on Architectural Support for  Programming Languages and Operating System … The compression and decompression  are performed entirely in hardware and are transparent to the operating system. …
Redundant loads: A software inefficiency indicator | P Su, S Wen, H Yang, M Chabbi… - … International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … to pinpoint redundant memory load operations, which are often a symptom of many redundant  operations. The strength of LOADSPY … the Twenty-Second International Conference on  Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, ser. ASPLOS ’…
A new golden age for computer architecture | JL Hennessy, DA Patterson - Communications of the ACM, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … , object-oriented architecture, variablebit-length instructions, and its own operating system  written in the thennew programming language Ada. This … It was well understood by these  architects that most bugs would be in software, but they believed architectural support could …
Pytorch: An imperative style, high-performance deep learning library | A Paszke, S Gross, F Massa, A Lerer… - … processing systems, 2019 - papers.nips.cc | … However, Python is a dynamic programming language that allows changing most behaviors  at runtime, making ahead of time source-to-source differentiation cumbersome. Instead,  PyTorch uses the operator overloading approach, which builds up a representation of the …
Morton filters: faster, space-efficient cuckoo filters via biasing, compression, and decoupled logical sparsity | AD Breslow, NS Jayasena - Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Approximate set membership data structures (ASMDSs) are ubiquitous in computing. They  trade a tunable, often small, error rate (ϵ) for large space savings. The canonical ASMDS is  the Bloom filter, which supports lookups and insertions but not deletions in its simplest form. …
Packing sparse convolutional neural networks for efficient systolic array implementations: Column combining under joint optimization | HT Kung, B McDanel, SQ Zhang - … Architectural Support for Programming …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Architectural Support for  Programming Languages and Operating Syste … In this section, we describe the systolic array  system and its components in support of the proposed column combining approach presented in …
Legoos: A disseminated, distributed {OS} for hardware resource disaggregation | Y Shan, Y Huang, Y Chen, Y Zhang - … Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … • We propose a new hardware architecture to cleanly separate processor and memory hardware  functionalities, while preserving most of the … In Proceedings of the Seventh International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (…
An overview of smart contract: architecture, applications, and future trends | S Wang, Y Yuan, X Wang, J Li, R Qin… - … Vehicles Symposium  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … First, we give a systematic introduction for smart contracts, including the basic framework,  operating mechanisms, platforms and programming languages. Second, application scenarios  and existing challenges are discussed. Finally, we describe the recent advances of smart …
Bingo spatial data prefetcher | M Bakhshalipour, M Shakerinava… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … System architects have used various tools to bridge the processor-memory performance  gap. Data prefetching is one of these tools that has demonstrated great potential for mitigating  the latency of cache misses [11], [12], [13]. Data prefetching is the act of predicting future …
GluonCV and GluonNLP: Deep Learning in Computer Vision and Natural Language Processing. | J Guo, H He, T He, L Lausen, M Li, H Lin, X Shi… - J. Mach. Learn. Res …, 2020 - jmlr.org | … We present GluonCV and GluonNLP, the deep learning toolkits for computer vision and  natural language processing based on Apache … can be deployed onto a variety of platforms  with different programming languages. The Apache 2.0 license has been adopted by GluonCV …
Simba: Scaling deep-learning inference with multi-chip-module-based architecture | YS Shao, J Clemons, R Venkatesan, B Zimmer… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … This section first presents an overview of the Simba architecture and its default uniform  tiling strategy. We then describe Simba’s silicon … In Proceedings of the International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operation Systems (ASPLOS). …
Single machine graph analytics on massive datasets using intel optane DC persistent memory | G Gill, R Dathathri, L Hoang, R Peri… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … In this paper, we focus on memory mode; we use app-direct mode for running the out-of-core  graph analytics system GridGraph [67]. … In Proceedings of the Sixteenth International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, …
Deepsigns: An end-to-end watermarking framework for ownership protection of deep neural networks | B Darvish Rouhani, H Chen, F Koushanfar - … Programming Languages …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Architectural Support for  Programming Languages and Operating Syste … In Proceedings of 2019 Architectural Support  for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS’19). ACM, Providence, RI, USA, …
A programmable programming language | M Felleisen, RB Findler, M Flatt… - Communications of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … it as a language for experimenting with pedagogic programming languages.Working on  them quickly taught us that a language itself is a … borrows from the surrounding operating  system and assimilate them into the language itself.Here are three sample constructs for which …
Strawberry fields: A software platform for photonic quantum computing | N Killoran, J Izaac, N Quesada, V Bergholm, M Amy… - Quantum, 2019 - quantum-journal.org | … We introduce Strawberry Fields, an open-source quantum programming architecture for  light-based quantum computers, and detail its key … for quantum programming based on an  easy-to-use language named Blackbird; (ii) a suite of three virtual quantum computer backends, …
Deeprecsys: A system for optimizing end-to-end at-scale neural recommendation inference | U Gupta, S Hsia, V Saraph, X Wang… - … Annual International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … While the system and computer architecture community has devoted significant efforts to  characterize and optimize deep neural network (DNN) inference efficiency, relatively little  work has explored running recommendation at-scale. DNN accelerator designs. Currently-…
IoT based smart crop-field monitoring and automation irrigation system | RN Rao, B Sridhar - 2018 2nd International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Examples C++ or JAVA at large scale programming modules. Python is not a web  programming language but works also like a PHP code cold FUSION and comfortable for server  … A python programming is chosen to implement proposed algorithm on LINUX operating system …
Migrating from monolithic architecture to microservices: A Rapid Review | F Ponce, G Márquez, H Astudillo - … International Conference of …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … [34], and no proposals were found that use DA in non-object-oriented programming languages.  This may be due to various reasons (… programming languages are generally associated  with a particular type of systems (eg, banking systems), and since for this type of systems …
Admm-nn: An algorithm-hardware co-design framework of dnns using alternating direction methods of multipliers | A Ren, T Zhang, S Ye, J Li, W Xu, X Qian, X Lin… - … Architectural Support …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Architectural Support for  Programming Languages and Operating Syste … In 2019 Architectural Support for Programming  Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS ’19), April 13–17, 2019, Providence, RI, USA. …
DiGraph: An efficient path-based iterative directed graph processing system on multiple GPUs | Y Zhang, X Liao, H Jin, B He, H Liu, L Gu - … for Programming Languages …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In this paper, we propose a novel and efficient iterative directed graph processing system  on a machine with the support of multiple GPUs. Compared with existing systems, the unique  feature of our system is that it takes advantage of the dependencies between vertices in three …
Characterizing the natural language descriptions in software logging statements | P He, Z Chen, S He, MR Lyu - … 33rd ACM/IEEE International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Besides, the BLEU scores and ROUGE scores for Java projects (Hadoop, Cloudstack,  Camel, Hbase, and Hive) and C# (Mono, CoreFx, Monodevelop) are similar, which show  that the effectiveness of our approach is robust against different programming languages. …
Hardware-based domain virtualization for intra-process isolation of persistent memory objects | Y Xu, CC Ye, Y Solihin, X Shen - … International Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 2) We propose an architecture support for efficient MPK virtualization, which supports a  large number of domains sharing a limited number of protection keys. This is built on top of  MPK. 3) We propose an architecture support for domain virtualization, which manages per-thread …
Approxiot: Approximate analytics for edge computing | Z Wen, P Bhatotia, R Chen, M Lee - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Figure 4 illustrates the highlevel architecture of our prototype, where the shaded boxes  represent the implemented modules. In this section… First, APPROXIOT currently supports only  approximate linear queries. We plan to extend the system to support more complex queries [44], […
IoT ecosystem: A survey on devices, gateways, operating systems, middleware and communication | S Bansal, D Kumar - International Journal of Wireless Information …, 2020 - Springer | … They provide high flexibility in processing due to plugin availability and moreover allows an  OS to be designed over the base system. c. VM architecture—This system is a virtual system  over the actual running system. Due to virtualization, this architecture is slower but they …
{SOCK}: Rapid task provisioning with serverless-optimized containers | E Oakes, L Yang, D Zhou, K Houck, T Harter… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Serverless computing promises to provide applications with cost savings and extreme  elasticity. Unfortunately, slow application and container initialization can hurt common-case  latency on serverless platforms. In this work, we analyze Linux container primitives, identifying …
Mv-rlu: Scaling read-log-update with multi-versioning | J Kim, A Mathew, S Kashyap… - … Architectural Support …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | This paper presents multi-version read-log-update (MV-RLU), an extension of the read-log-update  (RLU) synchronization mechanism. While RLU has many merits including an intuitive  programming model and excellent performance for read-mostly workloads, we observed that …
OpenVDAP: An open vehicular data analytics platform for CAVs | Q Zhang, Y Wang, X Zhang, L Liu, X Wu… - … 38th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The key characteristics of OpenVDAP are summarized below: • OpenVDAP supports on-board  computing environment by providing multiple carefully selected heterogeneous computing  processors and a security and privacy-preserved vehicle operating system to ensure a safe …
PermDNN: Efficient compressed DNN architecture with permuted diagonal matrices | C Deng, S Liao, Y Xie, KK Parhi… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We propose PERMDNN architecture, a multi-processing element (PE) fullyconnected (FC)  layer-targeted computing engine. The entire architecture is highly scalable and flexible, and  hence it can support the needs of different applications with different model configurations. We …
Cloudburst: Stateful functions-as-a-service | V Sreekanti, C Wu, XC Lin, J Schleier-Smith… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … An open-source benchmark suite for microservices and their hardware-software implications  for cloud & edge systems. In Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth International Conference on  Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, pages 3–18. …
Efficient hardware-assisted logging with asynchronous and direct-update for persistent memory | J Jeong, CH Park, J Huh… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, as a persistent storage medium, SCM is required to support atomic durability of  transactional execution under potential system … We provide the details of ReDU architecture  in Section IV. Section V presents the performance evaluation. We summarize the related work …
{INSIDER}: Designing in-storage computing system for emerging high-performance drive | Z Ruan, T He, J Cong - 2019 {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … For the host programmer, we introduce virtual file abstraction to abstract ISC as file operations;  this hides the existence of the drive … In Proceedings of the Seventeenth International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems…
A framework for memory oversubscription management in graphics processing units | C Li, R Ausavarungnirun, CJ Rossbach… - … Architectural Support …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Modern discrete GPUs support unified memory and demand paging. Automatic management  of data movement between CPU memory and GPU memory dramatically reduces developer  effort. However, when application working sets exceed physical memory capacity, the …
Lightstore: Software-defined network-attached key-value drives | C Chung, J Koo, J Im, S Lee - … International Conference on Architectural …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … A typical datacenter architecture is shown in Figure 1(a), where storage servers are  responsible for managing the data and providing … Storage servers represent a significant capital  and operating cost of a datacenter. This paper is about a new architecture for storage systems, …
Pocket: Elastic ephemeral storage for serverless analytics | A Klimovic, Y Wang, P Stuedi, A Trivedi… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Metadata management: We implement Pocket’s metadata and storage server architecture on  top of the Apache Crail distributed data store [2, … Its modular architecture separates the data  and metadata plane and supports pluggable storage tier and RPC library implementations. …
Beyond Data and Model Parallelism for Deep Neural Networks. | Z Jia, M Zaharia, A Aiken - … of Machine Learning and Systems, 2019 - proceedings.mlsys.org | … We evaluate FlexFlow with six real-world DNN benchmarks on two GPU clusters and show  that FlexFlow increases training throughput by up to … -Second International Conference on  Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, ASPLOS ’17, 2017. …
Taming performance variability | A Maricq, D Duplyakin, I Jimenez, C Maltzahn… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … We install iperf3 from the Ubuntu package repository, and ping is already bundled with the  base operating system. … In Proceedings of the Seventeenth International Conference on  Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, ASPLOS XVII, pages …
OpenEI: An open framework for edge intelligence | X Zhang, Y Wang, S Lu, L Liu… - … International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … From the software perspective, the cloud runs the cluster operating system and deep  learning framework, such as TensorFlow [13] and MXNet [14]. On the edge, both the embedded  operating system and the stand-alone operating system are widely used. The lightweight deep …
Hop: Heterogeneity-aware decentralized training | Q Luo, J Lin, Y Zhuo, X Qian - … International Conference on Architectural …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Architectural Support for  Programming Languages and Operating Syste … Our results show that our system achieves better  performance than centralized training with PS. In case of random and deterministic slowdown…
Dhtm: Durable hardware transactional memory | A Joshi, V Nagarajan, M Cintra… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Whereas for achieving durability, DHTM provides architectural support for transparently and  efficiently writing redo log entries to a durable … The recovery manager is implemented as an  operating system service which is invoked upon system re-start. As described earlier, the OS …
There's plenty of room at the Top: What will drive computer performance after Moore's law? | CE Leiserson, NC Thompson, JS Emer… - …, 2020 - science.sciencemag.org | … programming language speeds up this calculation dramatically. For example, coding it in  Java (version 2) produces a speedup of 10.8×, and coding … other computational tasks, such  as compiling computer programs or running an operating system. But GPUs have nevertheless …
Skybridge: Fast and secure inter-process communication for microkernels | Z Mi, D Li, Z Yang, X Wang, H Chen - … Fourteenth EuroSys Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … This page is deliberately left unmapped for most operating systems. In the inserted page,  the Subkernel creates one code snippet for the … ings of the 20th International Conference on  Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, volume 50, pages …
Replica: A wireless manycore for communication-intensive and approximate data | V Fernando, A Franques, S Abadal… - … Architectural Support …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Data access patterns that involve fine-grained sharing, multicasts, or reductions have proved  to be hard to scale in shared-memory platforms. Recently, wireless on-chip communication  has been proposed as a solution to this problem, but a previous architecture has used it only …
EOS: enterprise operating systems | JR Youssef, G Zacharewicz, D Chen… - International Journal of …, 2018 - Taylor & Francis | … Operating System. They are inspired from and based on early works on the integrating  infrastructure (IIS) defined in the CIMOSA architecture (… , interoperation and portability of software  systems, so the operating systems, programming languages, databases and management …
Towards general purpose acceleration by exploiting common data-dependence forms | V Dadu, J Weng, S Liu, T Nowatzki - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … architecture known to work well for non-data-dependent: a systolic-style1 coarse grained  reconfigurable architecture (CGRA) with streaming memory support (… Indirect write and update  are generally one-way communication operations, but we provide support to synchronize on …
Smoothoperator: Reducing power fragmentation and improving power utilization in large-scale datacenters | CH Hsu, Q Deng, J Mars, L Tang - … Support for Programming Languages …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | With the ever growing popularity of cloud computing and web services, Internet companies are  in need of increased computing capacity to serve the demand. However, power has become  a major limiting factor prohibiting the growth in industry: it is often the case that no more …
Who limits the resource efficiency of my datacenter: An analysis of alibaba datacenter traces | J Guo, Z Chang, S Wang, H Ding… - … 27th International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … characterization, state-of-the-art cluster management systems and then describes the architecture  of Alibaba’s cluster management system. … In Proceedings of the Eighteenth International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (…
Sparse tensor core: Algorithm and hardware co-design for vector-wise sparse neural networks on modern gpus | M Zhu, T Zhang, Z Gu, Y Xie - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … of the Volta GPU to support the operand indexing in the register file. • We also show the details  of the micro-architecture design to mitigate … Since Tensor Core does not support generic or  unified sparse GEMMs, we opt out the options of running generic or unified sparse NNs on …
Design and implementation of an IoT-based smart home security system | MA Hoque, C Davidson - International Journal of Networked and …, 2019 - atlantis-press.com | … Several programming languages are used in the implementation and further applications  of the door sensor are discussed as well as … This paper presents an architecture that can  be used as framework to build a low-cost smart home security system. Using affordable …
Unsupervised translation of programming languages | MA Lachaux, B Roziere, L Chanussot… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … source or target languages, and can easily be extended to most programming languages.  Although not perfect, the model could help to reduce … • We introduce a new approach to  translate functions from a programming language to another, that is purely based on monolingual …
RPPM: Rapid performance prediction of multithreaded applications on multicore hardware | S De Pestel, S Van den Steen, S Akram… - … Architecture Letters, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … as input and predicts multithreaded execution time on a particular multicore processor  architecture. Note that RPPM assumes the same number of threads during profiling as there are  cores in the processor architecture for which we make the prediction. However, a single profile …
Commodity single board computer clusters and their applications | SJ Johnston, PJ Basford, CS Perkins, H Herry… - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Current commodity Single Board Computers (SBCs) are sufficiently powerful to run  mainstream operating systems and workloads. Many of … He works on programming languages  and runtime systems, with a particular focus on many core platforms. He has published more than …
Cyclone: Detecting contention-based cache information leaks through cyclic interference | A Harris, S Wei, P Sahu, P Kumar, T Austin… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the Fourth International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming  Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS IV). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 96–107.  https://doi.org/10.1145/106972.106984 [6] Paul Barham, Boris Dragovic, Keir Fraser, Steven …
Report of the Spanish computing scientific society on computing education in pre-university stages | JÁ Velázquez-Iturbide - … of the Sixth International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Th e course contents comprise six areas: programming, computers and operating systems,  networks and … − Uses the basic elements of a textual programming language, including data  types and … − Understands the basic concepts of programming languages (eg lexicon, syntax, …
GenMC: A Model Checker for Weak Memory Models | M Kokologiannakis, V Vafeiadis - International Conference on Computer …, 2021 - Springer | … In this paper, we discuss the overall architecture of the tool and how it can be extended to  support additional memory models, programming languages, and/or synchronization primitives.  To demonstrate the point, we have extended the tool with support for the Linux kernel …
Characterizing and optimizing hotspot parallel garbage collection on multicore systems | K Suo, J Rao, H Jiang, W Srisa-an - … the Thirteenth EuroSys Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Furthermore, there is also a steady trend towards adopting similar managed programming  languages in high performance computing (HPC… In Proceedings of the Twenty-First International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems …
An automated approach to estimating code coverage measures via execution logs | B Chen, J Song, P Xu, X Hu, ZM Jiang - … /IEEE International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In the future, we plan to extend LogCoCo for other programming languages. In particular, we  are interested in applying LogCoCo to systems implemented in multiple programming  languages. Furthermore, we also intend to extend LogCoCo to support other coverage criteria (eg…
E3: Energy-efficient microservices on SmartNIC-accelerated servers | M Liu, S Peter, A Krishnamurthy… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … However, due to the high cost of ensemble transitions, we believe that this architecture is not  fit for high bandwidth I/O systems. Rivoire, et al. … of the Twenty-Fourth International Conference  on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, 2019. …
Simd-x: Programming and processing of graph algorithms on gpus | H Liu, HH Huang - 2019 {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … In this work, we propose SIMD-X, a parallel graph computing framework that supports  programming and processing of single instruction … In Proceedings of the seventeenth international  conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (…
Datasize-aware high dimensional configurations auto-tuning of in-memory cluster computing | Z Yu, Z Bei, X Qian - … Architectural Support for Programming Languages …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … 3.4 Implementation We implement DAC on top of Spark 1.6 by using R [11] which is a  programming language and environment for statistical computing. First, we use R to implement  the CG (configuration generator) of the collecting component of DAC. CG generates a random …
A first look at deep learning apps on smartphones | M Xu, J Liu, Y Liu, FX Lin, Y Liu, X Liu - … World Wide Web Conference, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … find that 81% DL apps use DL to support their core functionalities. That is, these apps would  fail to operate without their use of DL. The number of … Conference on Architectural Support  for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS’17). 615–629. [67] Nicholas D. …
The What's Next Intermittent Computing Architecture | K Ganesan, J San Miguel… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Specifically, we provide architectural support for subword pipelining and subword  vectorization, allowing computations to dynamically process the most significant bits first. We then  introduce skim points, which decouple the checkpoint locations from their recovery locations. …
SoK: sanitizing for security | D Song, J Lettner, P Rajasekaran, Y Na… - … IEEE Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—The C and C++ programming languages are notoriously insecure yet remain … the  languages of choice for low-level systems software such as operating system kernels, runtime  libraries, and browsers. A key reason is that they are efficient and leave the programmer in …
Towards a novel architecture for enabling interoperability amongst multiple blockchains | H Jin, X Dai, J Xiao - 2018 IEEE 38th International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … • We propose a novel blockchain architecture for enabling interoperability. Based on the  architecture, we further talk about the key modules and potential design in each layer. … We  propose a novel architectural approach to make it feasible in Section IV . Section V shows …
Recent advances in convolutional neural network acceleration | Q Zhang, M Zhang, T Chen, Z Sun, Y Ma, B Yu - Neurocomputing, 2019 - Elsevier | … We also analyze the acceleration methods in terms of CNN architecture compression,  algorithm optimization, and hardware-based improvement. At last, we give a discussion on  different perspectives of these acceleration and optimization methods within each level. The …
A survey of accelerator architectures for deep neural networks | Y Chen, Y Xie, L Song, F Chen, T Tang - Engineering, 2020 - Elsevier | … We discuss various architectures that support DNN executions in terms of computing units,  dataflow optimization, targeted network … In: Proceedings of the 19th International Conference  on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems; 2014 …
A reconfigurable energy storage architecture for energy-harvesting devices | A Colin, E Ruppel, B Lucia - … International Conference on Architectural …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Programming language and system support for energy management Energy-aware  programming systems allow energy management. However, it is … In Proceedings of the 5th  international conference on Embedded networked sensor systems, pages 161–174. ACM, 2007. …
Privacy in deep learning: A survey | F Mireshghallah, M Taram, P Vepakomma… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … The ever-growing advances of deep learning in many areas including vision, recommendation  systems, natural language processing, etc., have led to the adoption of Deep Neural  Networks (DNNs) in production systems. The availability of large datasets and high …
OneFile: A wait-free persistent transactional memory | P Ramalhete, A Correia, P Felber… - … IEEE/IFIP International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Modern computer architectures are based on shared memory systems, where multiple  threads or processes can simultaneously access … These results highlight the importance of  waitfreedom for tail latency, a relevant characteristic for network operating systems and other soft …
iDO: Compiler-directed failure atomicity for nonvolatile memory | Q Liu, J Izraelevitz, SK Lee, ML Scott… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … atomicity systems that allow programmers to delineate failureatomic operations on the  persistent data—typically in the form of transactions … , iDO also supports programmer-delineated  durable code regions. These code regions are defined by the programmer to be failure atomic …
Confine: Automated system call policy generation for container attack surface reduction | S Ghavamnia, T Palit, A Benameur… - … International Symposium …, 2020 - usenix.org | … To gain some insight about how commonly these languages are used, we gathered some  statistics about the programming languages used by … In Proceedings of the 25th International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (…
Optimized compilation of aggregated instructions for realistic quantum computers | Y Shi, N Leung, P Gokhale, Z Rossi… - … Architectural Support …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Recent developments in engineering and algorithms have made real-world applications  in quantum computing possible in the near future. Existing quantum programming languages  and compilers use a quantum assembly language composed of 1- and 2-qubit (quantum bit) …
KRACE: Data race fuzzing for kernel file systems | M Xu, S Kashyap, H Zhao, T Kim - … Symposium on Security and …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , especially for system software. As is evident in kernel and file system evolutions [1– 4], a  whole zoo of programming paradigms is … for file system fuzzing, as well as how to exploit  a hidden input domain—thread delay schedule—to accelerate thread interleaving probing. …
A configurable cloud-scale DNN processor for real-time AI | J Fowers, K Ovtcharov, M Papamichael… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This paper describes the NPU architecture for Project Brainwave, a production-scale system  for real-time AI. The Brainwave NPU achieves more than an order of magnitude improvement  in latency and throughput over state-of-the-art GPUs on large RNNs at a batch size of 1. …
Hardnet: A low memory traffic network | P Chao, CY Kao, YS Ruan… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … In Proceedings of the 23rd annual international symposium on Computer architecture (ISCA),  Pages 78–89, 1996. [5] Srimat Chakradhar, … In International Conference on Architectural  Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS), pages 269-284, …
Implementation of cloud service models in training of future information technology specialists | O Markova, S Semerikov, A Striuk, H Shalatska… - 2019 - ds.knu.edu.ua | … Students can study the “behaviour” of various time scheduling algorithms in operating  systems using any programming language, virtual memory, device management, etc. This is  possible only through modeling with the traditional approach. An interesting example of such a …
Razzer: Finding kernel race bugs through fuzzing | DR Jeong, K Kim, B Shivakumar… - 2019 IEEE Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Applying RAZZER for Other Systems. We believe it would not be challenging to apply  RAZZER for other modern operating systems, such as Windows, MacOSX, FreeBSD, as long  as their source code is available. The only place that RAZZER leverages Linux-specific domain …
Ansor: Generating high-performance tensor programs for deep learning | L Zheng, C Jia, M Sun, Z Wu, CH Yu, A Haj-Ali… - … on Operating Systems …, 2020 - usenix.org | … exploration and optimization framework for tensor computation on heterogeneous system.  In Proceedings of the Twenty-Fifth International Conference on Architectural Support for  Programming Languages and Operating Systems, pages 859–873, 2020. …
{ASAP}: Fast, approximate graph pattern mining at scale | AP Iyer, Z Liu, X Jin, S Venkataraman… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … In this work, we design ASAP, a system that facilitates fast and scalable approximate pattern  mining. Figure 3 shows the overall architecture of ASAP. We provide a brief overview of the  different components, and … the 19th international conference on World wide web (New York, …
Interoperability in internet of things: Taxonomies and open challenges | M Noura, M Atiquzzaman, M Gaedke - Mobile Networks and Applications, 2019 - Springer | … the availability of diverse operating systems (OSs), programming languages, data structures,  … The architecture supports standard and proprietary interfaces which also allows it to extend  … In Internet and web applications and services (iciw), 2010 fifth international conference on, …
How do defects hurt qualities? an empirical study on characterizing a software maintainability ontology in open source software | C Chen, S Lin, M Shoga, Q Wang… - 2018 IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … the grammatical rules of the programming languages, while semantic errors reflect improper use  of the programming languages. We include … Zhou, “Learning from mistakes: a comprehensive  study on real world concurrency bug characteristics,” ACM SIGOPS Operating Systems …
Etalumis: Bringing probabilistic programming to scientific simulators at scale | AG Baydin, L Shao, W Bhimji, L Heinrich… - … of the international …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Probabilistic programming [71] is an emerging paradigm within machine learning that uses  general-purpose programming languages to express probabilistic models. This is achieved  by introducing statistical conditioning as a language construct so that inverse problems can …
{SPEICHER}: Securing lsm-based key-value stores using shielded execution | M Bailleu, J Thalheim, P Bhatotia, C Fetzer… - … Conference on File and …, 2019 - usenix.org | … 3.1 Design Challenges As a strawman design, we could try to secure a storage system by  running the storage engine inside the enclave … In Proceedings of the 18th ACM International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (…
Notice of Violation of IEEE Publication Principles: State of the art and challenges facing consensus protocols on blockchain | N Chalaemwongwan… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We first give an overview of blockchain technologies including blockchain architecture,  and the critical characteristics of the blockchain. We then … “An IoT electric business model  based on the protocol of bitcoin,” 18th International conference on intelligence in nextgeneration …
Selecting representative examples for program synthesis | Y Pu, Z Miranda, A Solar-Lezama… - International …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … We’ll describe the domain specific architecture in detail in the Experiment section. … In  Proceedings of the 12th International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming  Languages and Operating Systems, ASPLOS 2006, San Jose, CA, USA, October 21-25, 2006, pp. …
Analysis and optimization of the memory hierarchy for graph processing workloads | A Basak, S Li, X Hu, SM Oh, X Xie… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To obtain this information, DROPLET needs help from the operating system and the graph  data allocation layer of graph processing frameworks. Similar to prior work [58], [59], we develop  a specialized maUoe function which can label all allocated pages with an extra bit in the …
Program synthesis with large language models | J Austin, A Odena, M Nye, M Bosma… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2021 - arxiv.org | … of the current generation of large language models for program synthesis in general purpose  programming languages. We evaluate a … programs from natural language descriptions.  The Mostly Basic Programming Problems (MBPP) dataset contains 974 programming tasks, …
EnclaveDB: A secure database using SGX | C Priebe, K Vaswani, M Costa - … Symposium on Security and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … EnclaveDB guarantees these properties even when the database administrator is malicious,  when an attacker has compromised the operating system or the hypervisor, and when the  database runs in an untrusted host in the cloud. EnclaveDB achieves this by placing sensitive …
Stateful dataflow multigraphs: A data-centric model for performance portability on heterogeneous architectures | T Ben-Nun, J de Fine Licht, AN Ziogas… - … of the International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The ubiquity of accelerators in high-performance computing has driven programming complexity  beyond the skill-set of the average domain scientist. To maintain performance portability in  the future, it is imperative to decouple architecture-specific programming paradigms from …
Lock-free concurrent level hashing for persistent memory | Z Chen, Y Huang, B Ding, P Zuo - … Conference ({USENIX}{ATC} 20), 2020 - usenix.org | … (§3.1), which provides high memory efficiency and supports the low-cost resizing operation.  We further present the lock-free concurrency … In Proceedings of the Twentieth International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (…
Efficient hardware acceleration of CNNs using logarithmic data representation with arbitrary log-base | S Vogel, M Liang, A Guntoro, W Stechele… - … International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … -board power management ICs while the system is running. Preprocessing of images (mean  shift) is done on a host computer and data transfer is … In Proceedings of the 19th International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (…
How many of all bugs do we find? a study of static bug detectors | A Habib, M Pradel - … 33rd IEEE/ACM International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To address the question of how many of all bugs do static bug detectors find, we perform  an empirical study with 594 real-world bugs from 15 … of how many of those real-world bugs  that are committed to the version control systems can be detected by static bug detectors. …
Compute first networking: Distributed computing meets icn | M Król, S Mastorakis, D Oran, D Kutscher - … of the 6th ACM Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In contrast, ICN-oriented remote invocation methodologies provide an attractive match for  current distributed programming languages by supporting both functional programming and …  In Proceedings of the 13th international conference on Ubiquitous computing. ACM, 375–384. …
Deepsigns: an end-to-end watermarking framework for protecting the ownership of deep neural networks | BD Rouhani, H Chen, F Koushanfar - … for Programming Languages and …, 2019 - aceslab.org | Deep Learning (DL) models have created a paradigm shift in our ability to comprehend raw data  in various important fields, ranging from intelligence warfare and healthcare to autonomous  transportation and automated manufacturing. A practical concern, in the rush to adopt …
Spock: Exploiting serverless functions for slo and cost aware resource procurement in public cloud | JR Gunasekaran, P Thinakaran… - … 12th International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We are witnessing the emergence of elastic web services which are hosted in public cloud  infrastructures. For reasons of cost-effectiveness, it is crucial for the elasticity of these web  services to match the dynamically-evolving user demand. Traditional approaches employ …
IoT sensor integration to Node-RED platform | M Lekić, G Gardašević - 2018 17th International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Bluemix supports several programming languages and platforms including Java, Python, …  Raspbian is based on the Debian Linux computer operating system and comes with over  35,000 … Pi, since it depends on the architecture of integrated ARM central processing unit (CPU). …
Neuro-inspired computing chips | W Zhang, B Gao, J Tang, P Yao, S Yu, MF Chang… - Nature …, 2020 - nature.com | … FPSA: a full system stack solution for reconfigurable ReRAM-based NN accelerator  architecture. In Proc. Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Architectural Support for  Programming Languages and Operating Systems - ASPLOS ‘19 733–747 (ACM, 2019). …
Enabling IoT platforms for social IoT applications: Vision, feature mapping, and challenges | B Afzal, M Umair, GA Shah, E Ahmed - … Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … support for different programming languages framework along with the networking protocols  … RIOT is based on microkernel architecture supporting multithreading. It contains some …  He is a regular technical committee member of many reputed international conferences and …
Lyra: A cross-platform language and compiler for data plane programming on heterogeneous asics | J Gao, E Zhai, HH Liu, R Miao, Y Zhou, B Tian… - … conference of the ACM …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Concretely, there are critical problems resulting from low-level programming languages, as we  will explain with a simplified but realistic example. Figure 1 shows an example for a programmable  DCN that has five types of ASICs (ToR and Agg layers are fully programmable) and …
Memory and resource leak defects and their repairs in Java projects | M Ghanavati, D Costa, J Seboek, D Lo… - Empirical Software …, 2020 - Springer | … Programming languages provide support for programmers to prevent occurrences of leak-inducing  defects. For instance, Java 7 … In: Proceedings of the 12th International Conference on  Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, ASPLOS XII, pp …
Energy efficiency with an application container | ÖE Demirkol, A DEMİRKOL - … Engineering & Computer …, 2018 - journals.tubitak.gov.tr | … Application container: After installing an operating system on BareMetal, serving the application  … the elements of the operating system needed by the application (file system, libraries,  and … International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and …
Service mesh: Challenges, state of the art, and future research opportunities | W Li, Y Lemieux, J Gao, Z Zhao… - … International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | While the technology development towards microservices can significantly improve the speed  and agility of software service delivery, it also raises the operational complexity associated  with modern applications. This has led to the emergence of Service Mesh, a promising …
SparTen: A sparse tensor accelerator for convolutional neural networks | A Gondimalla, N Chesnut, M Thottethodi… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We compare the performance of a dense architecture (Dense), a one-sided sparse architecture  where only the input maps are sparse like … of the Twenty-Fourth International Conference  on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS ’19…
Full-stack, real-system quantum computer studies: Architectural comparisons and design insights | P Murali, NM Linke, M Martonosi… - … Annual International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … optimizations and observations inform Section 7’s summary of the work’s hardware and  architectural implications. At the other end of the stack, QC programming languages and compilers  have seen ongoing attention. In addition to Scaffold, other examples are Quipper [19, 20], …
Understanding reuse, performance, and hardware cost of dnn dataflow: A data-centric approach | H Kwon, P Chatarasi, M Pellauer, A Parashar… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … To convey the scheduling decisions of a particular architecture, dataflows have been  expressed as loop nests, a syntax that resembles a simple imperative programming language  with explicit parallelism, as presented in Eyeriss v2 [12]. We term the loop nest notation a compute…
Tensordimm: A practical near-memory processing architecture for embeddings and tensor operations in deep learning | Y Kwon, Y Lee, M Rhu - … Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … ISA extension and runtime system. Building on top of our TensorDIMM architecture, we  propose a custom tensor ISA and runtime system that provides scalable memory bandwidth  and capacity expansion for embedding layers. Our proposal entails 1) a carefully designed ISA …
Nemesis: Studying microarchitectural timing leaks in rudimentary CPU interrupt logic | J Van Bulck, F Piessens, R Strackx - … SIGSAC Conference on Computer …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … operating system is prevented from accessing enclaved code or data directly, but continues to  manage shared platform resources such as system memory … In Proceedings of the  Twenty-Second International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and …
Endurable transient inconsistency in byte-addressable persistent b+-tree | D Hwang, WH Kim, Y Won, B Nam - … {USENIX} Conference on File and …, 2018 - usenix.org | … If we do not guard the memory write operations with memory fence operations, the memory  write operations can be reordered in modern … In Proceedings of the 22nd International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (…
Internet of things architectures, technologies, applications, challenges, and future directions for enhanced living environments and healthcare systems: a review | G Marques, R Pitarma, NM Garcia, N Pombo - Electronics, 2019 - mdpi.com | … It is an agnostic hardware solution that supports an SDK for a diversity of programming  languages, such as … operating systems researched in this study were selected according to the  criteria used by the authors of [58] and [59]. Therefore, 15 IoT platforms and operating systems …
Boosting scalable data analytics with modern programmable networks | M Blöcher, T Ziegler, C Binnig, P Eugster - … of the 14th International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We use the Micro-c programming interfaces and implemented a simple INP prototype with  roughly 1k lines of code for … In Proceedings of the Twenty-Second International Conference  on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, pages 795–809. …
Offloading distributed applications onto smartNICs using iPipe | M Liu, T Cui, H Schuh, A Krishnamurthy… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We break down a SmartNIC into four architectural components – traffic control, computing  units, onboard memory, and host communication – and use … of the Twenty-Second International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems. …
Demonstration of end-to-end automation of DNA data storage | CN Takahashi, BH Nguyen, K Strauss, L Ceze - Scientific reports, 2019 - nature.com | … In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and  JavaScript. … Our resulting system has three core components that accomplish the write and  read operations (Fig. 1a): an encode/decode software module, a DNA synthesis module, and a …
A container-based architecture for real-time control applications | T Tasci, J Melcher, A Verl - … IEEE International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Programming languages usually provide features to organize source code into modules,  operating systems allow programs to import (link) libraries at runtime. An application can also  consist of multiple executables that use inter-process communication or the network stack to …
Cntr: Lightweight {OS} Containers | J Thalheim, P Bhatotia, P Fonseca… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Instead, we built our system to be as generic as possible by leveraging more stable operating  system interfaces. Our system implementation supports all major container types: Docker,  LXC, systemd-nspawn and rkt. CNTR’s implementation resolves container names to process …
DRL-cloud: Deep reinforcement learning-based resource provisioning and task scheduling for cloud service providers | M Cheng, J Li, S Nazarian - … design automation conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … service through the Internet [1]. Virtualization is the fundamental technology of cloud computing,  which enables multiple operating systems … VMs are used by Cloud Service Providers  (CSPs) to provide infrastructures, platforms, and resources (eg, CPU, memory, storage, etc.). In …
A brief history of cloud application architectures | N Kratzke - Applied Sciences, 2018 - mdpi.com | … Containers make use of operating system virtualization instead of machine … service  discovery and communication features as self-contained services that can be accessed via  existing fault-tolerant communication libraries provided by almost every programming language …
Sharing, protection, and compatibility for reconfigurable fabric with amorphos | A Khawaja, J Landgraf, R Prakash, M Wei… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … 3.1 Programming Model We target a programming model of HDL (hardware description  language) over an abstract FPGA fabric. The … Our Catapult prototype supports two smaller  zones within the global zone, each of which can be further subdivided into two. F1 hardware …
Mull it over: mutation testing based on LLVM | A Denisov, S Pankevich - 2018 IEEE International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … RODOS [11] is a real-time operating system developed by the German Aerospace Center. It  is written … -world projects and to explore possible limitations of our approach we applied it to  as many different projects, programming languages, test frameworks and operating systems …
Smart surveillance as an edge network service: From harr-cascade, svm to a lightweight cnn | SY Nikouei, Y Chen, S Song, R Xu… - … ieee 4th international …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Raspberry PI is a single Board Computers (SBC), which run a full operating system and have  sufficient peripherals (memory, CPU, power … hardware, supporting high-level programming  languages (eg, Python) and running popular variants of Unix-based operating systems, The …
Programming and Synthesis for Software-defined FPGA Acceleration: Status and Future Prospects | YH Lai, E Ustun, S Xiang, Z Fang, H Rong… - … and Systems (TRETS), 2021 - dl.acm.org | … programming languages have made significant progress in providing broad language  coverage and robust compilation technology. As a result, FPGA programmers … Achieving this  goal requires the development of new runtime and architectural support for efficient dynamic …
What does not fit can be made to fit! Trade-offs in distributed ledger technology designs | N Kannengießer, S Lins, T Dehling… - … international conference …, 2019 - papers.ssrn.com | … Smart Contract Support. The degree of how well smart contracts are supported by a DLT  design including expressiveness of supported programming languages [64] and availability  of test and development environments [51, 64, 65]. Transaction Size. The presence of a fixed …
Efficient invisible speculative execution through selective delay and value prediction | C Sakalis, S Kaxiras, A Ros… - … Annual International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … All these attacks are centered around a common set of behaviors: During speculative  execution, the architectural state of the system is kept unmodified, until the speculation can  be verified. In the event that a misspeculation occurs, then anything that can affect the …
Blockchain in the operations and supply chain management: Benefits, challenges and future research opportunities | SF Wamba, MM Queiroz - International Journal of Information Management, 2020 - Elsevier | … His research work has been published in international journals and conferences,  including the International Journal of Logistics Management, Supply Chain Management: An  International Journal, International Journal of Information Management, Benchmarking: An …
Bridging the latency gap between NVM and DRAM for latency-bound operations | G Psaropoulos, I Oukid, T Legler, N May… - … of the 15th International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We measured the characteristics of DRAM and Optane DC PMM on a system with 2We do  not discuss write operations and endurance; this work focuses on read operations, whereas  endurance is expected to be several years thanks to the wear leveling that Optane DC PMMs …
Smart contract development: Challenges and opportunities | W Zou, D Lo, PS Kochhar, XBD Le, X Xia… - IEEE Transactions …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The operating system and other applications are not able to tamper with or eavesdrop on the  state of any application running inside the … Through our survey, we found that the programming  languages themselves are a major barrier during smart contract development. 39.7% …
Gandiva: Introspective cluster scheduling for deep learning | W Xiao, R Bhardwaj, R Ramjee, M Sivathanu… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Modern operating systems support efficient suspend-resume for CPU process timeslicing.  Gandiva leverages this mechanism and adds custom support for GPU time-slicing. As shown  in Figure 5(a), usage of GPU memory by DLT jobs has a cyclic pattern with as much as 77x dif…
A novel big data analytics framework for smart cities | AMS Osman - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … as needed to improve the overall system performance. This approach involves execution of  multiple instances of different autonomous operating systems running on independent machines,  which … Storm supports many programming languages such as Java, Scala and Python. …
Two-level fuzzy-neural load distribution strategy in cloud-based web system | K Zatwarnicki - Journal of Cloud Computing, 2020 - journalofcloudcomputing … | … The redirection module, with the use of TCP/IP protocol stack in the operating system, redirects  the r i th request to the chosen Web server z i . … Proceedings of the 8th international conference  on architectural support for programming languages and operating systems. San Jos;. …
VulinOSS: a dataset of security vulnerabilities in open-source systems | A Gkortzis, D Mitropoulos, D Spinellis - … 15th International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Programming Languages contains records of a programming languages that the cloc tool  can identify as valid. Specifically, 219 programming languages … If the project is written in more  than one programming languages, there are metrics for each case. Specifically, for each case …
Siamese neural networks: An overview | D Chicco - Artificial Neural Networks, 2021 - Springer | … Additionally, we list the programming languages, software packages, tutorials, and guides  that … In: Proceedings of LREC 2014 – the 9th international conference on language resources  … In: Proceedings of OSDI 2016 – the 12th USENIX symposium on operating systems design …
Checkmate: Breaking the memory wall with optimal tensor rematerialization | P Jain, A Jain, A Nrusimha, A Gholami… - … and Systems, 2020 - proceedings.mlsys.org | … We introduce Checkmate, a system that solves for optimal rematerialization schedules in  reasonable times (under an hour) using off-the-… , a system to rematerialize large neural  networks optimally. Checkmate is hardware-aware, memory-aware and supports arbitrary DAGs. …
Winning in the era of serverless computing and function as a service | M Sewak, S Singh - 2018 3rd International Conference for …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Serverless is pay as you go which makes it attractive option for startups due to flexible pricing  and reduced operational cost. Serverless is … to market but supports fewer programming  language [11]. Microservices provides a better approach to service oriented architecture (SOA), …
Putting the" micro" back in microservice | S Boucher, A Kalia, DG Andersen… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … the microservice function can be isolated from the worker process with language-based  isolation techniques that we discuss in Section 3. … , both systems leverage Rust [3], a new  type-safe systems programming language. Rust is a strongly-typed, compiled language that uses …
Crowdsensing in smart cities: Overview, platforms, and environment sensing issues | O Alvear, CT Calafate, JC Cano, P Manzoni - Sensors, 2018 - mdpi.com | … It runs a Linux-based operating system, allowing it to run different programming languages,  but there are not too many developments or projects focusing on this solution. This configuration  has a power consumption of about 1500 mW, a total weight of 150 g, and it costs about $…
A methodology for selection of a Blockchain platform to develop an enterprise system | S Nanayakkara, MNN Rodrigo, S Perera… - Journal of Industrial …, 2021 - Elsevier | … of the platform, platform-related updates and releases, supporting programming languages,  maturity of the smart contract language, level of … Hyperledger Fabric supports Go, Node.js  and Java programming languages for chaincode development [85]. Go programming language …
A high performance blockchain platform for intelligent devices | S Yu, K Lv, Z Shao, Y Guo, J Zou… - … international conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In the area of IoT (Internet of Things), more and more intelligent devices are being connected  to the Internet. These intelligent devices have been producing a huge amout of useful data  over time, however there is still a lack of a platform which can efficiently transfer and utilize …
{QSYM}: A practical concolic execution engine tailored for hybrid fuzzing | I Yun, S Lee, M Xu, Y Jang, T Kim - 27th {USENIX} Security Symposium  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … QSYM to work with architecture specifications [13, 35] rather than a specific architecture  implementation. Additionally, QSYM currently supports only memory, arithmetic, … We plan to  support other instructions including floating-point operations to extend QSYM’s testing capability. …
Progressive web application assessment using AHP | AI Khan, A Al-Badi, M Al-Kindi - Procedia Computer Science, 2019 - Elsevier | … along with java in developing native architecture based mobile application for the android  operating systems. The native application for … The Hybrid app architecture emerged in  2009. The programming languages used in hybrid application development are HTML5, CSS, …
TVM: end-to-end optimization stack for deep learning | T Chen, T Moreau, Z Jiang, H Shen… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - dada.cs.washington.edu | … We hope our work can encourage more studies of programming languages, compilation,  and open new opportunities for hardware co-design techniques for deep learning systems. We  plan to open-source our compiler stack and the VITA design to encourage further researches …
Big data service architecture: a survey | J Wang, Y Yang, T Wang, RS Sherratt… - Journal of Internet …, 2020 - jit.ndhu.edu.tw | … to different service requirements, which can present valuable data for service consumers.  Then, we introduce the detailed cloud computing service system based on … Scheduling in  Storm, Proceedings of the 7th ACM international conference on Distributed event-based systems …
Anomaly detection from system tracing data using multimodal deep learning | S Nedelkoski, J Cardoso, O Kao - … International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … the cloud platforms to obtain labeled data do not meet the requirements of real-word systems.  This owes to the appearance of new patterns or possible harm to the running system by an  intentional fault injection. The recent advancement of deep learning has led to performance …
An updated survey of efficient hardware architectures for accelerating deep convolutional neural networks | M Capra, B Bussolino, A Marchisio, M Shafique… - Future Internet, 2020 - mdpi.com | … Sparten [70] is based on SCNN architecture, but it improves the distribution of the operations  to the multipliers to reduce the overhead. EIE … In Proceedings of the Twenty-Third International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems…
Trigger-action programming for personalising humanoid robot behaviour | N Leonardi, M Manca, F Paternò… - … the 2019 CHI Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … All the available robots can be programmed through some programming language [5], which  … visual languages (such as Choregraphe [27]) or the use of some block-based programming  … This level of abstraction is where for example the Pepper ROS (Robot Operating System) 4 …
Research of cross-platform stream symmetric ciphers implementation | A Kuznetsov, V Frolenko, E Eremin… - … IEEE 9th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … cross-platform implementation of encryption algorithms in the Java programming language  on operating systems Windows 10 (x64), Debian (Kali) and Android (x64) are presented. Testing  was conducted on a portable personal computer (Intel Pentium 3550m 2.3ГГц, RAM 4Гб (…
A survey on automated log analysis for reliability engineering | S He, P He, Z Chen, T Yang, Y Su, MR Lyu - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … [193] studied the logging mechanisms and security issues in three computer operating  systems. A recent publication [94] reviewed clustering-based approaches in cyber security  applications. Different from these studies, our survey mainly targets the automated log analysis for …
Towards service discovery and invocation in data-centric edge networks | S Mastorakis, A Mtibaa - … IEEE 27th International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … It takes advantage of the concept of thunks [14] from the literature of programming languages,  to enable the retrieval of results after the task execution is over. RICE overloads the semantics  of Interests for input parameter passing, since Interests sent from ECSs extend the state …
MQTT service broker for enabling the interoperability of smart city systems | A Zabasta, N Kunicina, K Kondratjevs… - 2018 Energy and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … For practical implementation of Event Handler system we considered several Data Flow  Systems such as Blockly [41], [42], a client-side JavaScript library for creating visual block  programming languages and editors. It is a project of Google and is open-source under the Apache …
GraphP: Reducing communication for PIM-based graph processing with efficient data partition | M Zhang, Y Zhuo, C Wang, M Gao, Y Wu… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … and overlapping, which further improves performance with unique opportunities offered by the  proposed partitioning and programming model. We evaluate GRAPHP using a cycle accurate  simulator with 5 real-world graphs and 4 algorithms. The results show that it provides on …
Modeling soft-error propagation in programs | G Li, K Pattabiraman, SKS Hari… - … /IFIP International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Transient hardware faults (ie, soft errors) are predicted to increase in future computer  systems due to growing system scale, progressive technology scaling, and lowering operating  voltages [26]. In the past, such faults were masked through hardware-only solutions such as …
Hygcn: A gcn accelerator with hybrid architecture | M Yan, L Deng, X Hu, L Liang, Y Feng… - … IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … First, we build a programming model to enable our hardware design to exploit various …  ARCHITECTURE DESIGN In this section, we design HyGCN to support the efficient execution  of GCNs. We first introduce the programming model and then present details of the architecture …
An integrated GIS platform architecture for spatiotemporal big data | S Wang, Y Zhong, E Wang - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … The client end can be classified in devices, operating systems, hardware infrastructures,  and programming languages. The more types of client side it supports, the more compatible  it will be. It also means that more users are exposed to generating more value for the data. …
The next 700 accelerated layers: From mathematical expressions of network computation graphs to accelerated GPU kernels, automatically | N Vasilache, O Zinenko, T Theodoridis… - … on Architecture and …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … To address this productivity gap, we propose and evaluate: (1) a domain-specific language  with a tensor notation close to the mathematics of … 1The “700 layers” is a reference to a seminal  paper on programming languages by PJ Landin: “The next 700 programming languages.” …
Parsl: Pervasive parallel programming in python | Y Babuji, A Woodard, Z Li, DS Katz, B Clifford… - … of the 28th International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … for programming; as an interpreted language it can be easily extended (without requiring  compiler modifications); and while not considered a functional programming language, … Its  modular execution architecture supports a variety of execution models—from pilot jobs to extreme …
Cambricon-S: Addressing irregularity in sparse neural networks through a cooperative software/hardware approach | X Zhou, Z Du, Q Guo, S Liu, C Liu… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Entropy coding. We also investigate the accelerator supporting the entropy coding. The  implementation of an entropy decoding module at TSMC 65nm reports 6.781∗10 −3mm2  area cost with a throughput of one datum per cycle. As the variable-length …
A survey on the moving target defense strategies: An architectural perspective | J Zheng, AS Namin - Journal of Computer Science and Technology, 2019 - Springer | … • The OS level approach includes research studies that aim to implement MTD at the operating  system and the machine code level. • The … support. The Columbia University research  group[10] stated that the principle of ISR could be applied to protect programming languages …
IoT architectural framework: connection and integration framework for IoT systems | O Uviase, G Kotonya - arXiv preprint arXiv:1803.04780, 2018 - arxiv.org | … of both the IoT and Cloud programming models to explicate the complexity of distributed  computing, diverse programming languages and communication protocols. The … The PSM  is operating system specific and may use languages supported by the operating system. …
Human-computer interaction with big data analytics | G Manogaran, C Thota, D Lopez - Research Anthology on Big Data …, 2022 - igi-global.com | … In order to catch up with the transitory and prompt transformation, various advance operating  system, programming languages and more reliable human computer interaction models are  required. In order to develop the market, the mobile and electronic development industries …
TRIMMER: application specialization for code debloating | H Sharif, M Abubakar, A Gehani, F Zaffar - … IEEE International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … ] since it provides frontends for popular programming languages including C/C++, and supports  a wealth of compiler analyses and optimization … [6] applied partial evaluation techniques  for specializing the network stack in operating system kernels. The approach applied is semi-…
Selecta: Heterogeneous cloud storage configuration for data analytics | A Klimovic, H Litz, C Kozyrakis - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2018 - usenix.org | … We observe the need for cloud storage options that support fine-grain allocation of capacity  and bandwidth, similar to the fine-grain allocation … Finally, we showcase the need for end-to-end  optimization of cloud storage, including application frameworks, operating systems, and …
Smartexchange: Trading higher-cost memory storage/access for lower-cost computation | Y Zhao, X Chen, Y Wang, C Li, H You… - … Annual International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present SmartExchange, an algorithm-hardware co-design framework to trade higher-cost  memory storage/access for lower-cost computation, for energy-efficient inference of deep  neural networks (DNNs). We develop a novel algorithm to enforce a specially favorable DNN …
Log4perf: Suggesting logging locations for web-based systems' performance monitoring | K Yao, G B. de Pádua, W Shang, S Sporea… - … /SPEC International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Our approach may not be directly applicable for other programming languages, especially  dynamic languages such as Python. Further work may investigate … of the 16th international  conference on Architectural support for programming languages and operating systems. …
The Internet of Things for enterprises: An ecosystem, architecture, and IoT service business model | I Lee - Internet of Things, 2019 - Elsevier | … support portability across different hardware and operating systems, provide developers with  an abstraction layer that can hide the complex underlying systems… The co-existence of various  kinds of devices, protocols, architectures, and programming languages make IoT systems …
dcat: Dynamic cache management for efficient, performance-sensitive infrastructure-as-a-service | C Xu, K Rajamani, A Ferreira, W Felter… - … EuroSys Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … That is possible for certain resources such as processor cores, memory capacity, and I/O  bandwidth where the hardware, operating systems and hypervisors have mature mechanisms  to partition these resources. However, other shared resources such as CPU cache are …
Dronemap Planner: A service-oriented cloud-based management system for the Internet-of-Drones | A Koubâa, B Qureshi, MF Sriti, A Allouch, Y Javed… - Ad Hoc Networks, 2019 - Elsevier | … protocol that we developed to integrate Robot Operating System (ROS)-enabled robots into the  IoT. … because it is supported by different programming languages including Web technologies.  … The Proxy Layer in the Dronemap Planner software architecture supports the MAVLink …
Dawn: Dynamic adversarial watermarking of neural networks | S Szyller, BG Atli, S Marchal, N Asokan - … ACM International Conference …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Similarly to prior work [25], we use ResNet34 [12] architecture pre-trained on ImageNet as a  basis for high-capacity models. We fine-tuned Caltech-RN34, GTSRB-RN34 and CIFAR10-RN34  models using Caltech256, GTSRB and CIFAR10 datasets respectively. We also trained …
Nvbit: A dynamic binary instrumentation framework for nvidia gpus | O Villa, M Stephenson, D Nellans… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Binary instrumentation is also one of the backbones of modern computer architecture  research and education [33]. Binary instrumentation … In Proceedings of the International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operation Systems (ASPLOS). …
Blockchain-enabled supply chain: analysis, challenges, and future directions | S Jabbar, H Lloyd, M Hammoudeh, B Adebisi… - Multimedia Systems, 2021 - Springer | … Programming languages—Blockchain development uses a wide variety of programming  languages including some specific to Blockchain development. The selection criteria may  consider the requirements for security, resource management, performance, and the need for …
A differentiable programming system to bridge machine learning and scientific computing | M Innes, A Edelman, K Fischer, C Rackauckas… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … a Differentiable Programming (∂P) system … Supporting multiple languages within a single  ∂P system causes an explosion in complexity, vastly increasing the developer effort required.  Our ∂P system extends the Julia programming language [7] with differentiable programming …
SPECTR: Formal supervisory control and coordination for many-core systems resource management | AM Rahmani, B Donyanavard, T Mück… - … Architectural Support …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the Twenty-Third International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming  Languages and Operating System … • Systematic Design Flow: We present a systematic  design low for HMP architects to ease the task of hierarchical SCT design and veriication, …
European language grid: An overview | G Rehm, M Berger, E Elsholz, S Hegele… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … The containerisation of LT services solves to a great extent interoperability and deployment  issues, which is particularly useful for ELG since heterogeneous technologies are used for  LT development, eg, different programming languages, operating systems, frameworks and …
Next-generation, data centric and end-to-end iot architecture based on microservices | SK Datta, C Bonnet - 2018 IEEE International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … of programming language agnostic MAS implementations. Abstract model for IoT systems  and patterns that will be used in future IoT systems are … The Edge server in the architecture  supports in local computation on sensor data and quick reaction using actuators. This saves …
Architectural Patterns for Microservices: A Systematic Mapping Study. | D Taibi, V Lenarduzzi, C Pahl - CLOSER, 2018 - scitepress.org | … VM, requiring complete startup of the whole machine during the deployment, thus defeating  the possibility of quick deployment and decreasing system maintainability due to the need  for maintaining a dedicated operating system, service container, and all VM-related tasks. …
Methodology for the model-driven development of service oriented IoT applications | CM Sosa-Reyna, E Tello-Leal… - … of Systems Architecture, 2018 - Elsevier | … architecture, a rule-based model and a Domain Specific Language (DSL) are used to  describe the applications. It has been elaborated to uncouple the programming language … The  DSL model has been extended to support different operating systems such as TinyOS or Contiki. …
Manufacturing service bus: an implementation | D Schel, C Henkel, D Stock, O Meyer, G Rauhöft… - Procedia CIRP, 2018 - Elsevier | … on a runtime environment, like an operating system, or the chosen implementation language.  Components performing a logical function are … smart objects is facilitated by supporting client  libraries, which are provided for various programming languages and protocols. This way …
Reguard: finding reentrancy bugs in smart contracts | C Liu, H Liu, Z Cao, Z Chen, B Chen… - … ACM 40th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … ReGuard introduces a translation-based framework from specific smart contract programming  languages to C++. In the detection, ReGuard extends well-designed fuzzing engine (eg,  AFL [1] and LibFuzzer [2]) by generating random transactions. During the runtime, ReGuard …
NDA: Preventing speculative execution attacks at their source | O Weisse, I Neal, K Loughlin, TF Wenisch… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … state), the victim program is coerced into leaking its own memory contents through a  micro-architectural channel. For instance, Chen et al. [… of the Twenty-Fourth International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems. [61] …
Circuit transformations for quantum architectures | AM Childs, E Schoute, CM Unsal - arXiv preprint arXiv:1902.09102, 2019 - arxiv.org | … conference on architectural support for programming languages and operating systems (ASPLOS). …  ceedings of the twenty-fourth international conference on architectural support for  programming languages and operating systems (ASPLOS). Ed. by Iris Bahar, Maurice Herlihy, …
Learning to mine aligned code and natural language pairs from stack overflow | P Yin, B Deng, E Chen, B Vasilescu… - … ACM 15th international …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … and testing on another, showing promise for scaling NL-code mining to a wide variety of  programming languages beyond … programming language, we first obtained all questions from  the official SO data dump3 dated March 2017 by filtering questions tagged with that language. …
Romulus: Efficient algorithms for persistent transactional memory | A Correia, P Felber, P Ramalhete - … of the 30th on Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … interposition, instrumentation of the stores or loads is done at the level of the programming  language itself, typically through operator … In Proceedings of the Twenty-Second International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems. …
An overview on smart contracts: Challenges, advances and platforms | Z Zheng, S Xie, HN Dai, W Chen, X Chen… - … Computer Systems, 2020 - Elsevier | … In contrast to virtual machines (VMs), containers can support smart contract applications with  lower overhead … running on top of one operating system). Instead of developing smart contract  languages of Etherum, Fabric supports conventional high-level programming languages …
sfuzz: An efficient adaptive fuzzer for solidity smart contracts | TD Nguyen, LH Pham, J Sun, Y Lin… - … International Conference …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Solidity is one of the most popular programming languages for writing smart contracts on  the Ethereum platform. Like traditional programs, smart contracts may contain vulnerabilities.  Unlike traditional programs, smart contracts cannot be easily patched once they are deployed. …
A wide area service oriented architecture design for plug and play of power grid equipment | D Li, Z Chen, Z Deng, W Huang, J Tang, F Di… - Procedia Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Selection and peer-review under responsibility of the scientific committee of the 2017 International  Conference on Identification, … hardware platform, operating system, and programming  language that implements the service. This allows services built in a variety of systems to be …
Evaluating scalability bottlenecks by workload extrapolation | R Shi, Y Gan, Y Wang - … IEEE 26th international symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The key observation that motivates our approach is that systems at a large scale are often  repeating their behaviors at small scales, by running a job more times, running more nodes  of the same type, or running more iterations of the same loop. Following this observation, we …
Repurposing manufacturing lines on the fly with multi-agent systems for the web of things | A Ciortea, S Mayer, F Michahelles - … of the 17th International Conference …, 2018 - ifaamas.org | … Note that most implementations of the BDI agent architecture have also been inspired by  the PRS [24], and one of the most prominent programming languages for BDI agents is  AgentSpeak(L) [64], which formalizes the operational semantics of PRS in a restricted first-order …
ret2spec: Speculative execution using return stack buffers | G Maisuradze, C Rossow - … ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We show how local attackers can gain arbitrary speculative code execution across processes,  eg, to leak passwords another user enters on a shared system. Our evaluation showed that  the recent Spectre countermeasures deployed in operating systems can also cover such …
{TVM}: An automated end-to-end optimizing compiler for deep learning | T Chen, T Moreau, Z Jiang, L Zheng, E Yan… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … supports multiple deployment back-ends in languages such as C++, Java and Python. The  rest of this paper describes TVM’s architecture and how a system programmer can extend it to  support … We introduce a tensor expression language to support automatic code generation. …
Urban data management system: Towards Big Data analytics for Internet of Things based smart urban environment using customized Hadoop | M Babar, F Arif, MA Jan, Z Tan, F Khan - … Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … are various programming languages available that support MR programming paradigm such  … system is performed using cluster of Hadoop on Ubuntu 16.04 LTS operating system along  … research work in various IEEE and ACM/Springer International conferences and journals. …
Container-based architecture for flexible industrial control applications | T Goldschmidt, S Hauck-Stattelmann, S Malakuti… - … of Systems Architecture, 2018 - Elsevier | … Since a full system emulation requires the use of a complete operating system inside a …  and we wanted to execute a complete operating system image as part of the emulation. This …  software architecture and programming languages for event-based self-adaptive systems, …
Laconic deep learning inference acceleration | S Sharify, AD Lascorz, M Mahmoud… - … Annual International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This section describes Laconic designs that support data type composition in space and/or  time. Without loss of generality we present designs that enable 16b calculations over 8b LPEs  for activations … on Architectural support for programming languages and operating systems. …
Simple, distributed, and accelerated probabilistic programming | D Tran, M Hoffman, D Moore, C Suter… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … It is a classic idea in the programming languages field [4]. 32nd Conference on Neural  Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS 2018), Montréal, Canada. … To enable flexible  training, we apply tracing, a classic technique used across probabilistic programming [eg, 28…
A mixed-method empirical study of Function-as-a-Service software development in industrial practice | P Leitner, E Wittern, J Spillner, W Hummer - Journal of Systems and …, 2019 - Elsevier | … We observe that there are a small number of programming languages that are commonly  used to implement serverless solutions. In most cloud platforms, JavaScript, Python, and, to a  lesser degree, Java are dominant. In Azure, C# / .NET unsurprisingly is of great importance. …
Blockchains in operations and supply chains: A model and reference implementation | P Helo, Y Hao - Computers & Industrial Engineering, 2019 - Elsevier | … Implementation architecture. The architecture supports distributed operations of  transactions. Each block in the blockchain contains the data of the transactions as well as a  link to the previous block. This chain of verifications can be checked by following the citations. …
Manticore: A user-friendly symbolic execution framework for binaries and smart contracts | M Mossberg, F Manzano, E Hennenfent… - … /ACM International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 3) Operating System Emulation: Manticore includes OS support for the Linux and DECREE  operating systems, emulating the system call (syscall) interface, interfaces related to a process  address space (eg auxiliary vectors, thread local storage), and miscellaneous state setup (…
Spiking neural networks for handwritten digit recognition—Supervised learning and network optimization | SR Kulkarni, B Rajendran - Neural Networks, 2018 - Elsevier | … In 2016 12th international conference on natural computation, fuzzy systems and  knowledge discovery (pp. 1773–1777) http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/FSKD.. … In 2010 IEEE 9th  international conference on cyberntic intelligent systems (pp. 1–6), http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/UKRICIS.. …
A systematic literature review of blockchain and smart contract development: Techniques, tools, and open challenges | A Vacca, A Di Sorbo, CA Visaggio, G Canfora - Journal of Systems and …, 2021 - Elsevier | … Papers published in scientific international journals and proceedings of international  conferences were considered. All other kinds of work like books, technical reports or master theses  were not included. Papers … This study could be extended to other programming languages. …
APSIM Next Generation: Overcoming challenges in modernising a farming systems model | D Holzworth, NI Huth, J Fainges, H Brown… - … Modelling & Software, 2018 - Elsevier | … farming systems, can run on multiple operating systems (desktop, web, mobile), can operate  … APSIM has evolved since then with additional programming languages being supported, …  graphical user interface created for configuring, running and visualising simulation results, and …
A tale of two worlds: Assessing the vulnerability of enclave shielding runtimes | J Van Bulck, D Oswald, E Marin, A Aldoseri… - … SIGSAC Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … are not part of the calling convention, and restore them on subsequent enclave reentry. This is  highly similar to how a traditional operating system needs to context switch between processes,  … In International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and …
Not so fast: Analyzing the performance of webassembly vs. native code | A Jangda, B Powers, ED Berger, A Guha - … Annual Technical Conference …, 2019 - usenix.org | … programming language supported by all major web browsers. Beyond its many quirks and  pitfalls from the perspective of programming language … Together, they allow native programs  (in C, C++, and Go) to run in the browser and freely use operating system services, such as …
Arachne: Core-aware thread management | H Qin, Q Li, J Speiser, P Kraft… - … } Symposium on Operating …, 2018 - usenix.org | … a virtual resource (threads); they cannot tell the operating system how many physical resources  (cores) they need, … Architectural support for fine-grained parallelism on chip multiprocessors.  In Proceedings of the 34th Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture…
Tensorscone: A secure tensorflow framework using intel sgx | R Kunkel, DL Quoc, F Gregor, S Arnautov… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … The shields apply at each location where an application would usually trust the operating  system, such as when using sockets or writing files to disk. The shields perform sanity checks  on data passed from operating system to enclave to prevent Iago attacks [21]. More specifically…
Cirrus: A serverless framework for end-to-end ml workflows | J Carreira, P Fonseca, A Tumanov, A Zhang… - … of the ACM Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … This section describes its design and architecture. … This hashing results in a highly-sparse  dataset – all the systems we run in this experiment have support for sparse data. Each  training sample has a 0/1 label indicating whether an ad was clicked or not. …
SPEC CPU2017: Performance, event, and energy characterization on the core i7-8700K | R Hebbar SR, A Milenković - … 2019 ACM/SPEC International Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Computer engineers in academia and industry rely on a standardized set of benchmarks to  quantitatively evaluate the performance of computer systems and … Findings from these studies  can be used to guide future performance evaluations and computer architecture research …
Securing microservices and microservice architectures: A systematic mapping study | A Hannousse, S Yahiouche - Computer Science Review, 2021 - Elsevier | … programming languages, use different database technologies, and be tested in isolation with  respect to the rest of underlying systems. … level solutions especially those related to hardware,  nodes and operating systems. Attacks from other categories often require high level or …
Learning scheduling algorithms for data processing clusters | H Mao, M Schwarzkopf, SB Venkatakrishnan… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We present Decima1, a general-purpose scheduling service for data processing jobs with  dependent stages. Many systems encode job stages and their dependencies as directed …  We designed a scalable neural network architecture that combines a graph neural network [12…
Artificial intelligence in cyber physical systems | P Radanliev, D De Roure, M Van Kleek, O Santos… - AI & society, 2021 - Springer | … J, Hou Z, Wang Y, Wang Y (2014) SDF: software-defined flash for web-scale internet  storage systems. In Proceedings of the 19th international conference on Architectural support  for programming languages and operating systems—ASPLOS ’14, vol 42, no. 1, pp 471–484 …
Performance of some image processing algorithms in tensorflow | D Demirović, E Skejić… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The core of TensorFlow is implemented in C++ programming language, however the main  language is Python, but there are several communities or vendor-developed thirdparty  TensorFlow bindings for programming languages C#, Julia, Rust, Scala, etc. There are several …
Efficient and deterministic record & replay for actor languages | D Aumayr, S Marr, C Béra, EG Boix… - … International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Since we aim at supporting long-running actor-based server applications, the reported  trace sizes do not directly compare to our scenario. Furthermore, they are based on single  event loops, which have much lower event rates. Since we assume that some bugs might be …
Design of embedded systems | L Lavagno, C Passerone - 2018 - books.google.com | … language, originally designed by Ritchie [40] between 1969 and 1972, and used extensively  for programming the UNIX operating system, is now dominant in the embedded system  world… However, they often lack constructs found in modern programming languages, such as …
The role of internet of services (ios) on industry 4.0 through the service oriented architecture (soa) | JZ Reis, RF Gonçalves - IFIP International Conference on Advances in …, 2018 - Springer | … output interfaces – hiding its internal structure and programming language – that can be  used by other Web Service, software application or machine, as well as humans [11]. Through  the concept of Service-Oriented Architecture, new applications can be assembled from the …
Performance analysis of SDN/openflow controllers: POX versus floodlight | IZ Bholebawa, UD Dalal - Wireless Personal Communications, 2018 - Springer | … SDN controller act as an operating system for the network (NOS). A topmost layer is an …  such as RESTful APIs [15] and programming languages such as Frenetic [16], Nettle [17], …  In IEEE 12th international conference on network and service management (CNSM), pp. 109…
50 years of computer architecture: From the mainframe cpu to the domain-specific tpu and the open risc-v instruction set | D Patterson - … International Solid-State Circuits Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Their ISA was a complete break from the 8080: It was a stack computer with no general-purpose  registers; instruction lengths could be any number of bits; addresses were 32-bit capabilities;  and they wrote a custom operating system for it in the esoteric programming language …
Apache calcite: A foundational framework for optimized query processing over heterogeneous data sources | E Begoli, J Camacho-Rodríguez, J Hyde… - … the 2018 International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … languages, an adapter architecture designed for extensibility, and support for … architecture  is what makes Calcite an attractive choice for adoption in big-data frameworks. It is an active  project that continues to introduce support for the new types of data sources, query languages…
Next steps in quantum computing: computer science's role | M Martonosi, M Roetteler - arXiv preprint arXiv:1903.10541, 2019 - arxiv.org | … in the design of programming languages, in techniques for systems building, scalability and  … Proper architectural support for parallel implementations, broadly defined, of quantum gates  … to programming and compilation, there are also runtime systems and operating systems to …
Deadline-based scheduling for gpu with preemption support | N Capodieci, R Cavicchioli, M Bertogna… - … Systems Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … in broader domains were often based on programming models and APIs that were not  designed to support the real-rime requirements of … scheduler for GPU activities on an embedded  System on a Chip (SoC) featuring a cutting edge GPU architecture by NVIDIA adopted in the …
Implications of a metric for performance portability | SJ Pennycook, JD Sewall, VW Lee - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … To begin with, we establish some basic terms: a platform is a particular execution environment  (ie hardware, an operating system, some … portability are backed by facts and not subject to  opinions of programming languages and platforms; that there is a standard way to evaluate …
Rethinking belady's algorithm to accommodate prefetching | A Jain, C Lin - … Annual International Symposium on Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we use the architecture and machinery of the Hawkeye Cache (along with a  small amount of added hardware to measure LED values), but instead of learning from  Belady’s MIN algorithm, our policy learns from FlexMIN. The result is a new policy that we call …
The art, science, and engineering of fuzzing: A survey | VJM Manès, HS Han, C Han, SK Cha… - IEEE Transactions …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Candea, “S2E: A platform for in-vivo multi-path analysis of software systems,” in Proceedings  of the International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and  Operating Systems, 2011, pp. 265–278. [64] Chrome Security Team, “Clusterfuzz,” https://code…
IoT-based smart homes: A review of system architecture, software, communications, privacy and security | D Mocrii, Y Chen, P Musilek - Internet of Things, 2018 - Elsevier | … This software can be an entire operating system (OS) that can add more functionality and  more security on the device. Since these end … , these operating systems are called real time  operating systems (RTOS). The use of RTOS also enable a programmer or system integrator to …
Formal approaches to secure compilation: A survey of fully abstract compilation and related work | M Patrignani, A Ahmed, D Clarke - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … the programming language ABS into the applied π-calculus extended with cryptographic  operations. ABS is a concurrent, object-oriented … Capsicum introduces capabilities at the OS  level in a BSD-like operating system. Cheri introduces capabilities at the hardware level like the …
Decentralized IoT data management using blockchain and trusted execution environment | G Ayoade, V Karande, L Khan… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … integrity without the trust of the underlying Operating System. With these instructions,  application … applications like the Operating system, hypervisors and System Management Mode.  … Our implementation consists of 50 lines of code in solidity programming language. The code …
Tbd: Benchmarking and analyzing deep neural network training | H Zhu, M Akrout, B Zheng, A Pelegris… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … Table 1: The table above shows a categorization of major computer architecture and  systems conference papers (SOSP, OSDI, NSDI, MICRO, ISCA, HPCA, ASPLOS) since 2014.  These papers are grouped by their focus along two dimensions: Training versus Inference and …
Fault site pruning for practical reliability analysis of GPGPU applications | B Nie, L Yang, A Jog, E Smirni - … /ACM International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … GPUs work on the philosophy of Single Instruction, Multiple Threads (SIMT) programming  paradigm [1] and schedule multiple threads on a … This section provides a brief overview of  the baseline GPU architecture and applications, followed by a description on the basics of the …
Adaptive dynamic checkpointing for safe efficient intermittent computing | K Maeng, B Lucia - 13th {USENIX} Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Clank [25] used a similar differential stack scheme, albeit with architecture support. Figure 5  illustrates the operation of the non-volatile stack management. … In Proceedings of the  Twenty-Third International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and …
Software-defined Radios: Architecture, state-of-the-art, and challenges | R Akeela, B Dezfouli - Computer Communications, 2018 - Elsevier | … As we mentioned in Section 3.3, HLS is an abstract method of designing hardware using a  high-level programming language. Developers of … This is done by running system profiles,  like Linux Perf, on the software components. Acceleration, in particular, refers to running parts of …
Iris: A conversational agent for complex tasks | E Fast, B Chen, J Mendelsohn, J Bassen… - … 2018 CHI Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … for composition enables other new interactions that are absent from agents today, such as  commands that take references to other commands as arguments (similar to first-class functions  in programming languages), or commands that generate new commands (similar to partial …
DeepN-JPEG: a deep neural network favorable JPEG-based image compression framework | Z Liu, T Liu, W Wen, L Jiang, J Xu, Y Wang… - … automation conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Tang, łNeurosurgeon: Collaborative intelligence between the cloud and mobile edge,ž in  Proceedings of the Twenty-Second International Conference on Architectural Support for  Programming Languages and Operating Systems. ACM, 2017, pp. 615ś629. …
A capillary computing architecture for dynamic internet of things: Orchestration of microservices from edge devices to fog and cloud providers | S Taherizadeh, V Stankovski, M Grobelnik - Sensors, 2018 - mdpi.com | … Container-based virtualization is supported by various operating systems such as RancherOS  and CoreOS, orchestration … system, Monitoring Agents are developed via the non-intrusive  StatsD protocol [48] which can be implemented for many different programming languages …
Blockchain transaction processing | S Gupta, M Sadoghi - arXiv preprint arXiv:2107.11592, 2021 - arxiv.org | … The programming languages and software engineering communities have developed  several works that provide semantic guarantees to a language or an application (Wilcox et al  2015; Leroy 2009; Kumar et al 2014). These works have tried to formally verify (Keller 1976; …
Data motifs: A lens towards fully understanding big data and ai workloads | W Gao, J Zhan, L Wang, C Luo, D Zheng… - … of the 27th International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … The operating system, software stacks and gcc versions are as follows: CentOS 7.2 (with kernel  4.1.13); JDK 1.8.0_65; Hadoop 2.7.1; Spark … Since Pthread is a multi-thread programming  model, we evaluate both the TensorFlow and Pthread implementations of AI motifs on one …
Tensor comprehensions: Framework-agnostic high-performance machine learning abstractions | N Vasilache, O Zinenko, T Theodoridis, P Goyal… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … Our contributions include (1) a language close to the mathematics of deep learning called  Tensor Comprehensions, (2) a polyhedral Just-In-Time … To remedy this, an effective programming  language for computation graph engines must simultaneously address the two following …
Chatbot: An education support system for student | F Clarizia, F Colace, M Lombardi, F Pascale… - International Symposium …, 2018 - Springer | … on the design of the specific architecture, model to manage communication and furnish the  right answers to the student. For this aim, it has been realized a system that can detect the  questions and thanks to the use of natural language processing techniques and the ontologies …
Hpx-the c++ standard library for parallelism and concurrency | H Kaiser, P Diehl, AS Lemoine, BA Lelbach… - Journal of Open …, 2020 - joss.theoj.org | … Unlike PGAS, AGAS provides the user with the ability to transparently move global objects  in between nodes of a distributed computer system without changing the object’s global  address. This capability is fundamental for supporting load balancing via object migration. …
Formal reasoning about the security of amazon web services | B Cook - International Conference on Computer Aided …, 2018 - Springer | … For example, changes to CBMC [2] facilitate its application to C-based systems at the bottom  of the compute stack used in AWS data centers [27]. Changes to SAW [13] add support for  the Java programming language. Contributions to SMACK [14] implement automata-theoretic …
Debin: Predicting debug information in stripped binaries | J He, P Ivanov, P Tsankov, V Raychev… - … Conference on Computer …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Examples include programming language translation [32], statistical program synthesis [42,  43], identifier name prediction for Android and JavaScript [10, 15… on x86, x64 and ARM, it can  be extended to other binary formats and operating systems such as the Windows PE format. …
Basic performance measurements of the intel optane DC persistent memory module | J Izraelevitz, J Yang, L Zhang, J Kim, X Liu… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … Although it would be interesting to measure the performance when the whole system  running directly on the NVMM, we cannot boot the operating system without any DRAM.  Therefore, to run the tests, we configure applications to bind their memory to a NUMA node with …
Recent advancements in event processing | M Dayarathna, S Perera - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … used for programming modern open source EP systems. We have listed the percentages of  programming languages used by a selected list of open source EP systems in Figure 2… We  found that most of the systems have been implemented using Java (52%). Another 15% of the …
Internet of Things: A survey on the security of IoT frameworks | M Ammar, G Russello, B Crispo - Journal of Information Security and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … The AWS IoT has no restrictions regarding either the programming languages of developing  smart applications or operating systems running them. Users can use various platforms (eg  mobiles, laptops, etc.) to interact with their cloud-connected IoT devices via REST APIs. …
Approximate communication: Techniques for reducing communication bottlenecks in large-scale parallel systems | F Betzel, K Khatamifard, H Suresh, DJ Lilja… - ACM Computing …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In a typical system, computer architects must balance the trade-offs between energy efficiency  and performance under certain constraints, such as chip area and power. Approximate  computing introduces a new trade-off between output quality and energy efficiency. As such, it …
IONN: Incremental offloading of neural network computations from mobile devices to edge servers | HJ Jeong, HJ Lee, CH Shin, SM Moon - … of the ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 8th international conference on Mobile systems, applications, and  services. ACM, 49–62. [7] Pengfei Dou, Shishir K. … Twenty-Second International Conference  on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems. ACM, 615–629. …
A survey on graph processing accelerators: Challenges and opportunities | CY Gui, L Zheng, B He, C Liu, XY Chen… - Journal of Computer …, 2019 - Springer | … Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, March 2012, pp.…  A novel ReRAM-based processing-in-memory architecture for graph computing. In Proc. the  … Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, March 2014, pp.…
Patmos: A time-predictable microprocessor | M Schoeberl, W Puffitsch, S Hepp, B Huber… - … -Time Systems, 2018 - Springer | … For the system evaluation, T-CREST includes a port of a real-time operating system and two  … In: Proceeding of the 10th ACM symposium on principles of programming languages, pp  177–… In: Proceedings of the 15th Euromicro international conference on real-time systems …
Learning to sample: exploiting similarities across environments to learn performance models for configurable systems | P Jamshidi, M Velez, C Kästner… - … Engineering Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … different configurable software systems, described in Table 1. These systems come from  different domains, are written in different programming languages, and … of Int’l Conference on  Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS), 2011. …
Big data systems meet machine learning challenges: towards big data science as a service | R Elshawi, S Sakr, D Talia, P Trunfio - Big data research, 2018 - Elsevier | … It can be adopted for developing distributed and parallel applications using various  programming languages (eg, Java, Ruby, Python, C++). Hadoop relieves developers from having  to deal with classical distributed computing issues, such as load balancing, fault tolerance, data …
Internet of Things: Evolution and technologies from a security perspective | R Ande, B Adebisi, M Hammoudeh, J Saleem - Sustainable Cities and …, 2020 - Elsevier | … Many ADPs require the developer to be familiar with some programming languages, for  example Node.js, Perl, Python, Java or C. Though … Similarly, safe booting is the technique of  checking the integrity of the different operating system (OS) in connected IoT devices, it uses …
Lost in abstraction: Pitfalls of analyzing GPUs at the intermediate language level | A Gutierrez, BM Beckmann, A Dutu… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Modern GPUs support control flow operations allowing programmers to construct complex  kernels. High-level GPU programming languages … The ABI defines the interface between the  application binary (eg, ELF), ISA, and operating system (OS). Examples of things that an ABI …
Sok: Understanding the prevailing security vulnerabilities in trustzone-assisted tee systems | D Cerdeira, N Santos, P Fonseca… - 2020 IEEE Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … For instance, we observed that during the same time window the entire Linux operating  system, which is several orders of … Managed code runtimes: Commercial TEE systems are  mostly written in the C programming language which allows for compiling highly efficient code but …
Partial compilation of variational algorithms for noisy intermediate-scale quantum machines | P Gokhale, Y Ding, T Propson, C Winkler… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … This architectural choice would be infeasible without our compiler support. Our specific  contributions include: … In Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth International Conference on  Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems. ACM, 1031–1044. …
Optimizing Systems for Byte-Addressable {NVM} by Reducing Bit Flipping | D Bittman, DDE Long, P Alvaro, EL Miller - … } Conference on File and …, 2019 - usenix.org | … , operating systems, and applications. Although these technologies are starting to make their  way into consumer devices [18] and embedded … memory system using phasechange memory  technology. In Proceedings of the 36th annual international symposium on Computer archi…
nanoBench: a low-overhead tool for running microbenchmarks on x86 systems | A Abel, J Reineke - 2020 IEEE International Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present nanoBench, a tool for evaluating small microbenchmarks using hardware performance  counters on Intel and AMD x86 systems. Most existing tools and libraries are intended to  either benchmark entire programs, or program segments in the context of their execution …
An empirical investigation into learning bug-fixing patches in the wild via neural machine translation | M Tufano, C Watson, G Bavota, M Di Penta… - … ACM/IEEE International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … However, the learning process is language-independent and the whole infrastructure can  be instantiated for different programming languages by replacing the lexer, parser and AST  differencing tools. We only focused on small-sized methods. We reached this decision after …
The p4-> netfpga workflow for line-rate packet processing | S Ibanez, G Brebner, N McKeown… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In this paper, we provide an overview of the P4 programming language and describe the  P4→NetFPGA workflow. We also describe how the … 2 P4 LANGUAGE OVERVIEW This  section provides a brief overview of the P4 programming language. The goal is not to provide a …
Economic impact of IoT cyber risk-analysing past and present to predict the future developments in IoT risk analysis and IoT cyber insurance | P Radanliev, D De Roure, S Cannady, RM Montalvo… - 2018 - IET | … Because human society is an event driven system, where digital abstractions of the physical  world have a lifespan. … Proceedings of the 19th international conference on Architectural  support for programming languages and operating systems - ASPLOS ’14, 2014, vol. 42, …
An Evaluation of Open Source Serverless Computing Frameworks. | SK Mohanty, G Premsankar, M Di Francesco - CloudCom, 2018 - acris.aalto.fi | … Based on that, we found that OpenFaaS has the most flexible architecture with support for  multiple container orchestrators and easy … based programming for mobile applications,” in  Proceedings of the International Conference on Mobile Software Engineering and Systems…
The transformative effect of the internet of things on business and society | JP Shim, M Avital, AR Dennis, M Rossi… - … Information Systems, 2019 - aisel.aisnet.org | … This paper summarizes a panel session on the IoT at the 2017 International Conference on  Information Systems (ICIS). The panel … skills in current programming languages and who  understand the business environment and infrastructure that these devices will operate in. …
Vibnn: Hardware acceleration of bayesian neural networks | R Cai, A Ren, N Liu, C Ding, L Wang, X Qian… - ACM SIGPLAN …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … To achieve high scalability and efficient memory access, we propose a deep pipelined  accelerator architecture with fast execution and good … Twenty-Second International Conference  on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems. ACM, 405–418. …
A survey of security vulnerability analysis, discovery, detection, and mitigation on IoT devices | M Yu, J Zhuge, M Cao, Z Shi, L Jiang - Future Internet, 2020 - mdpi.com | … In Table 3, we evaluate from five aspects, including attack surface, technical requirement,  architecture support, operating system support, and combining with AI. During vulnerability  analysis, researchers need the support of technologies such as simulation, debugging interface, …
Pisces: A scalable and efficient persistent transactional memory | J Gu, Q Yu, X Wang, Z Wang, B Zang, H Guan… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … Pisces shares a similar idea to avoid blocking read-only transactions and further exploits SI  to avoid blocking any read operation. Romulus instruments loads and stores to NVM through  programming language feature, which is elegant and can be borrowed to Pisces. Besides, …
A survey on the programmable data plane: Abstractions, architectures, and open problems | R Bifulco, G Rétvári - 2018 IEEE 19th International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … control plane and programming language constructs that can be used to access these  primitives. Given this inherent architectural coupling, … interface that allows operating systems  and applications to install simple packet processing rules into the NIC, which then executes these …
Ink: Reactive kernel for tiny batteryless sensors | KS Yıldırım, AY Majid, D Patoukas, K Schaper… - … 16th ACM Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Contributions: We make the following contributions in this paper supporting the InK reactive  runtime: (1) Event-Driven Programming: we … of the Twenty-Third International Conference  on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS ’18). …
Using meta-heuristics and machine learning for software optimization of parallel computing systems: a systematic literature review | S Memeti, S Pllana, A Binotto, J Kołodziej, I Brandic - Computing, 2019 - Springer | … units share no system resources, they have their own operating system, and communicate …  a specific programming language and model, type of application, or system architecture. There  … the international symposium on code generation and optimization, IEEE Computer Society, …
A survey on security challenges in cloud computing: issues, threats, and solutions | H Tabrizchi, MK Rafsanjani - The journal of supercomputing, 2020 - Springer | … the operating system (OS) and application stack and act the role of the system administrator  in the cloud by patching and updating operating systems … has a million lines of programming  codes written by different programmers in different programming languages and each has its …
eQASM: An executable quantum instruction set architecture | X Fu, L Riesebos, MA Rol, J Van Straten… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This section introduces the programming and compilation model, the design guidelines, the  architectural state, and an overview of instructions of eQASM. … Martonosi, “Programming  languages and compiler design for realistic quantum hardware,” Nature, vol. 549, p. 180, 2017. …
CAVBench: A benchmark suite for connected and autonomous vehicles | Y Wang, S Liu, X Wu, W Shi - 2018 IEEE/ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Meanwhile, several pioneer efforts have focused on the edge computing system and  architecture design for the CAVs scenario and provided various heterogeneous platform  prototypes for CAVs. However, a standard and comprehensive application benchmark for CAVs is …
Normalization and dropout for stochastic computing-based deep convolutional neural networks | J Li, Z Yuan, Z Li, A Ren, C Ding, J Draper, S Nazarian… - Integration, 2019 - Elsevier | Recently, Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN) has been recognized as the most  effective model for pattern recognition and classification tasks. With the fast growing Internet  of Things (IoTs) and wearable devices, it becomes attractive to implement DCNNs in …
ADIOS 2: The Adaptable Input Output System. A framework for high-performance data management | WF Godoy, N Podhorszki, R Wang, C Atkins… - SoftwareX, 2020 - Elsevier | … /O in supercomputers, to data analysis in personal computer and cloud systems. Version 2  introduces a unified application programming interface (API) that enables seamless data … In:  2018 IEEE 38th international conference on distributed computing systems. 2018, p. 1357–68. …
Precise and scalable detection of double-fetch bugs in OS kernels | M Xu, C Qian, K Lu, M Backes… - 2018 IEEE Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—During system call execution, it is common for operating system kernels to read  userspace memory multiple times (multi-reads). A critical bug may exist if the fetched userspace  memory is subject to change across these reads, ie, a race condition, which is known as a …
Molecular digital data storage using DNA | L Ceze, J Nivala, K Strauss - Nature Reviews Genetics, 2019 - nature.com | … systems that record and store information within the DNA of living cells, which, together  with in vitro DNA data storage, lie at the growing intersection of computer systems … We also  discuss systems aspects such as random access and preservation. We then highlight the …
Intellicode compose: Code generation using transformer | A Svyatkovskiy, SK Deng, S Fu… - … Engineering Conference …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Our best model yields an average edit similarity of 86.7% and a perplexity of 1.82 for Python  programming language. … We start by comparing our monolingual GPT-C model for Python  programming language against the simple n-gram language models with n = 3, 5, and 7. As …
Industrial internet of things: Recent advances, enabling technologies and open challenges | WZ Khan, MH Rehman, HM Zangoti, MK Afzal… - Computers & Electrical …, 2020 - Elsevier | … , programming language support, scheduler, and architecture are … IIoT systems, robust and  flexible big data analytic technologies, trust on IIoT systems, coexistence of wireless technologies  and protocols in IIoT, enabling decentralization on the Edge, specific operating systems …
NL2Type: inferring JavaScript function types from natural language information | RS Malik, J Patra, M Pradel - … 41st International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Instead, we consider natural language information, which allows NL2Type to make  predictions even for functions with very little code. Moreover, our approach is languageindependent,  as it does not depend on a language-specific analysis to extract relations between program …
Spectre is here to stay: An analysis of side-channels and speculative execution | R Mcilroy, J Sevcik, T Tebbi, BL Titzer… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … attacks and their implications for programming languages. These attacks leak information  through micro-architectural side-channels which we … There even have been serious efforts  [14, 26] to build operating systems where processes share the same address space and are only …
P4visor: Lightweight virtualization and composition primitives for building and testing modular programs | P Zheng, T Benson, C Hu - … of the 14th International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … language abstractions, eg, P4, provide a limited set of primitives, eg, P4 does not support  loops, and the language restrictions complicate the process of developing general primitives to  support … most popular and promising data plane programming languages – P4.In this paper, …
Architectural considerations for FPGA acceleration of Machine Learning Applications in MapReduce | K Neshatpour, HM Mokrani, A Sasan… - … computer systems …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Thus in this paper we explore a large architecture space which spans FPGA technology (high-end  vs low-end), core technology (big vs little core server), and interconnection technology (on-chip  vs o -chip) to understand the bene ts of hardware acceleration and power and …
NNV: The neural network verification tool for deep neural networks and learning-enabled cyber-physical systems | HD Tran, X Yang, DM Lopez, P Musau… - International Conference …, 2020 - Springer | … world case studies: the first is safety verification of ACAS Xu networks, and the second deals  with the safety verification of a deep learning-based adaptive cruise control system. … A unified  architecture for natural language processing: Deep neural networks with multitask learning. …
A real-time service system in the cloud | A Poniszewska-Maranda, R Matusiak… - Journal of Ambient …, 2020 - Springer | … such as virtual server space, networking, operating systems so that it can deploy and run the …  is created in the private cloud, taking advantage of Force.com tools and programming languages.  … In: IEEE 3rd international conference on cloud computing (CLOUD), 2010, pp 27–34 …
Comparison among cloud technologies and cloud performance | O Alzakholi, H Shukur, R Zebari, S Abas… - Journal of Applied …, 2020 - jastt.org | … Also, there are many tools used to optimize the performance of the cloud system, such as  Cap3, HEP, and Cloudburst. This paper reviews in detail the cloud computing system, its used  technologies, and the best technologies used with it according to multiple factors and criteria …
Serverless computing for container-based architectures | A Pérez, G Moltó, M Caballer, A Calatrava - … Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … service, which provides metrics of the resources consumed by the function. In addition, a …  Image Service is required, in order to store the images that include the operating system …  service to run code, in the shape of functions created in a programming language supported, in …
Evaluating blockchains for IoT | R Han, V Gramoli, X Xu - … 9Th IFIP international conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 1) Requests: As for HLF v0.6, to enable a customized transaction we deployed a corresponding  chaincode, coded in the high-level programming language Go. The official example includes  a chaincode supporting a simple money transfer transaction, which is deployed on the …
Edge-oriented computing paradigms: A survey on architecture design and system management | C Li, Y Xue, J Wang, W Zhang, T Li - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We highlight the major differences among existing fog systems through a set of key dimensions  that best summarize prior works. —We present a detailed taxonomy of the architecture in  the fog and edge computing paradigms. Specifically, we discuss the layered architecture of …
Systematic literature review and metadata analysis of ransomware attacks and detection mechanisms | AM Maigida, SM Abdulhamid, M Olalere… - Journal of Reliable …, 2019 - Springer | … scanning and the use of licensed operating system for prevention against ransomware attack.  … for data encryption using python programming language to display the effectiveness of those  … and 2015 IEEE 12th international conference on embedded software and systems. H, (1), …
A detailed and real-time performance monitoring framework for blockchain systems | P Zheng, Z Zheng, X Luo, X Chen… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … On blockchain, a smart contract is an event-driven promise defined by the programming  language, which no body controls and therefore everybody can trust. As shown in Figure 1,  a smart contract on blockchain can be invoked in a way of sending a "transaction" (named …
A survey of machine learning for big code and naturalness | M Allamanis, ET Barr, P Devanbu… - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Then we describe the software engineering and programming language applications of  probabilistic source code models (Section 5). Finally, we mention a few overlapping research  areas (Section 7), and we discuss challenges and interesting future directions (Section 6). …
Scanning the internet for ros: A view of security in robotics research | N DeMarinis, S Tellex, VP Kemerlis… - 2019 International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … of the Robot Operating System (ROS), a widely used robotics software platform. We identified  a number of hosts supporting ROS that are … However, given the complexity of a ROS  system, and the ability to connect to other nodes, in many programming languages, it seems …
Full-speed fuzzing: Reducing fuzzing overhead through coverage-guided tracing | S Nagy, M Hicks - 2019 IEEE Symposium on Security and …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To address noise from the operating system and other sources, we perform eight trials of  each dataset. For each set of trials per dataset, … Both host systems run Ubuntu 16.04 x86 64  operating systems, with six-core Intel Core i7-7800X CPU @ 3.50GHz, and 64GB RAM. All 10 …
Evaluating the effectiveness of cloud services | Y Kravchenko, O Leshchenko… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … an Internet service. The user has access to his own data but can not manage and should not  take care of the infrastructure, operating system, … As a result of the work, software was  developed, and the JavaScript programming language was used. A convenient graphical interface …
Next generation cloud computing: New trends and research directions | B Varghese, R Buyya - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Application and operating system containers may substitute the more heavyweight virtual  machines for deploying workloads. … Platforms and Languages: in addition to popular  programming languages, there is a wide variety of services to deploy applications on the cloud. …
Graph games and reactive synthesis | R Bloem, K Chatterjee, B Jobstmann - Handbook of Model Checking, 2018 - Springer | Graph-based games are an important tool in computer science. They have applications in  synthesis, verification, refinement, and far beyond. We review graph-based games with  objectives on infinite plays. We give definitions and algorithms to solve the games and to give a …
A meta language for threat modeling and attack simulations | P Johnson, R Lagerström, M Ekstedt - … the 13th International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Thus, corporate IT security experts may create the modeling language, perhaps introducing  modeling elements such as operating systems… programming language) from specifications  in a domain-specific language we call the Meta Attack Language (MAL). As all domain-specific …
Data Mining and Analytics Framework for Healthcare | R Alugubelli - International Journal of Creative Research Thoughts …, 2018 - papers.ssrn.com | … It is compatible with many operating systems and is suitable for medium to large healthcare  … Different programming languages are needed to work on big data, such as python and R. In  … In Proceedings of the 21th ACM SIGKDD international conference on knowledge discovery …
Challenges of blockchain technology adoption for e-government: a systematic literature review | FR Batubara, J Ubacht, M Janssen - … Annual International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Hence we state the need to develop a reference architecture to provide architectural guidance  for practitioners in the e-Government … In order to resolve the technological challenges, we  propose research into blockchain technology standards and a reference architecture for e-…
A multiple blockchains architecture on inter-blockchain communication | L Kan, Y Wei, AH Muhammad, W Siyuan… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … CONCLUSION In this paper, we proposed an interactive multiple blockchain architecture for  reliable exchanging information across arbitrary blockchain system. In our architecture,  interblockchain connection model was designed for routing management in multiple blockchains. …
An execution model for serverless functions at the edge | A Hall, U Ramachandran - Proceedings of the International Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … programming languages [16]. WebAssembly can provide similar functionality. It is source  code agnostic, meaning that potentially any programming language … effectively achieve our  goal of separation from the underlying operating system and other processes. An instance of the …
MIT app inventor: Objectives, design, and development | EW Patton, M Tissenbaum… - Computational thinking …, 2019 - library.oapen.org | … Prior to its release, most development environments for mobile applications were clunky,  only accessible with expertise in systems level or embedded programming, or both. Even with  Google’s Android operating system and the Java programming language, designing the user …
The SAGE project: a storage centric approach for exascale computing | S Narasimhamurthy, N Danilov, S Wu… - … 15th ACM International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … in the C programming language, but equivalent versions of the API are planned in other  popular programming languages such as Java, … We also currently investigating lower level  software and Operating System (OS) infrastructure requirements to exploit these new devices …
Sign language transformers: Joint end-to-end sign language recognition and translation | NC Camgoz, O Koller, S Hadfield… - … IEEE/CVF conference …, 2020 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Exploiting the encoder-decoder based architecture of transformer networks [70], we propose  a multitask formalization of the joint continuous sign language recognition and translation  problem. To help our translation networks with sign language understanding and to achieve …
SLF: fuzzing without valid seed inputs | W You, X Liu, S Ma, D Perry, X Zhang… - … ACM 41st International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … on a machine with 12 cores (Intel® CoreTM i7-8700 CPU @ 3.20GHz) and 16 GB memory  running the Ubuntu 16.04 operating system. … To evaluate the effectiveness of SLF, we  perform a set of experiments by running SLF and other tools on the 10 real-world programs …
Deepmutation: Mutation testing of deep learning systems | L Ma, F Zhang, J Sun, M Xue, B Li… - … 29th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … coded using high-level programming languages (eg., Python and Java… programming  languages that incorporates many features (eg., Object Oriented, AspectOriented), mutation  operators are further extended to cover more advanced features in popular programming languages…
An energy-efficient task scheduling algorithm for heterogeneous cloud computing systems | SK Panda, PK Jana - Cluster Computing, 2019 - Springer | … running on Microsoft Windows 10 64-bit operating system. We consider three benchmark  datasets generated by Braun et al. [28] and Ali et al. … In: 14th International Conference on  Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, pp. 205–216 (2009) …
Maintenance 4.0: Intelligent and predictive maintenance system architecture | A Cachada, J Barbosa, P Leitño… - … 23rd international …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … describes the architecture of an intelligent and predictive maintenance system, aligned with  Industry 4.0 principles, that considers advanced and online analysis of the collected data for  the earlier detection of the occurrence of possible machine failures, and supports technicians …
Wav2letter++: A fast open-source speech recognition system | V Pratap, A Hannun, Q Xu, J Cai, J Kahn… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … are significantly simpler and the gap in accuracy to hybrid systems is rapidly closing. C++  is the 3rd most popular programming language in the world1. It allows for complete resource  control for highperformance and mission critical systems, and, in addition, static typing helps …
Security, performance, and applications of smart contracts: A systematic survey | S Rouhani, R Deters - IEEE Access, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … key concepts, blockchain platforms that support smart contract, and smart contract programming  languages. The different security methods to … toward blockchain integration,” in proceedings  of the 50th Hawaii international conference on system sciences, 2017. [17] M. Ruta, F. …
A security authorization scheme for smart home Internet of Things devices | BC Chifor, I Bica, VV Patriciu, F Pop - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … as a host operating system with the Kaa IoT platform deployed in a Virtual Box environment.  … stack for multiple hardware platforms and programming languages and proposing an IoT  device … invited talks at many universities and international conferences. He is active member in …
Fogbus: A blockchain-based lightweight framework for edge and fog computing | S Tuli, R Mahmud, S Tuli, R Buyya - Journal of Systems and Software, 2019 - Elsevier | … To simplify IoT-Fog-Cloud integration, FogBus provides various interrelated software  components that can deal with Operating System(OS… The APIs, execution environment, scripting  and programming languages that are used in FogBus, can be supported by each hardware of …
SkyNet: a hardware-efficient method for object detection and tracking on embedded systems | X Zhang, H Lu, C Hao, J Li, B Cheng… - … and Systems, 2020 - proceedings.mlsys.org | … In average, the proposed systemlevel optimizations enable a 3.35X speedup compared to the  original serial design and help our design reach the highest throughput performance, peaking  at … In Proceedings of the IEEE international conference on computer vision (ICCV), 2017. …
Formal verification of quantum algorithms using quantum hoare logic | J Liu, B Zhan, S Wang, S Ying, T Liu, Y Li… - International conference …, 2019 - Springer | … In another direction, intensive research on quantum programming has been conducted in the  last decade [16, 45, 51, 53], as surveyed in [27, 52]. In particular, several quantum programming  languages have been defined and their compilers have been implemented, including …
Design and implementation of an integrated iot blockchain platform for sensing data integrity | L Hang, DH Kim - Sensors, 2019 - mdpi.com | … overall performance and scale of the system. Furthermore, we use the standard languages  such as Node.js or Java to code the smart contract so that developers can use their familiar  programming languages without spending time learning a new language. As shown in Figure …
Towards a modern, integrated virtual laboratory system | T Budai, M Kuczmann - Acta Polytechnica Hungarica, 2018 - epa.niif.hu | … Which software tools or programming languages are supported to implement the  simulation? … This new system then will be tested with the help of tutors and students in order  to validate the design and to ensure that the new system successfully fulfills all the described …
An IoT-cloud based smart healthcare monitoring system using container based virtual environment in edge device | K Jaiswal, S Sobhanayak, AK Turuk… - 2018 International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … in Raspberry pi is as follows: To facilitate the data acquisition from a sensor, we apply  6LoWPAN protocol and supporting devices. To … RPI supports many Linux distribution viz  Raspbian, Debian based distribution. The programming language supported by Raspberry pi are …
Improve Software Quality through practicing DevOps Automation | SM Mohammad - … AUTOMATION", International Journal of Creative …, 2018 - papers.ssrn.com | … https://www.accenture.com/us-en/blogs/softwareengineering-blog/hering-continuous-everything-in-devops  [22] Boehm, B.,2006, "A view of 20th and 21st-century software engineering," in  Proceedings of the 28th international conference on software engineering, pp. 12–2 …
Lambdanet: Probabilistic type inference using graph neural networks | J Wei, M Goyal, G Durrett, I Dillig - arXiv preprint arXiv:2005.02161, 2020 - arxiv.org | … We implemented our new architecture as a tool called LAMBDANET and evaluated its  performance on real-world TypeScript projects from … 4Like in many modern programming  languages with forward type inference (eg, Scala, C#, Swift), a TypeScript programmer does not …
A manifesto for future generation cloud computing: Research directions for the next decade | R Buyya, SN Srirama, G Casale, R Calheiros… - ACM computing …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … programming languages. Software development practices for exploiting accelerators for  example additionally require low-level programming … Similarly, IBM developed CP-67, which  was one of the first attempts in virtualizing mainframe operating systems to implement time-…
Building, composing and experimenting complex spatial models with the GAMA platform | P Taillandier, B Gaudou, A Grignard, QN Huynh… - GeoInformatica, 2019 - Springer | … high level skills in programming. Another open-source platform based on a generic  programming language is CORMAS. Compared to … updates or new versions, especially when  Java virtual machines or operating systems are updated). Even for experienced users, this can …
Deep feature compression for collaborative object detection | H Choi, IV Bajić - 2018 25th IEEE International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … For compression, we employ high efficiency video coding (HEVC) [12] standard, specifically  HEVC Range extension (RExt) [13] which supports 4:0:0 sample format with various bit-…  Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, 2017, pp. 615–629. …
Embedded operating system optimization through floating to fixed point compiler transformation | D Cattaneo, A Di Bello, S Cherubin… - … Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … to support specific architectures or programming languages – usually ANSI C. However, the  embedded system environment is evolving to support a wider range of programming … Support  for more modern native programming languages such as C++ is already being provided by …
Computing graph neural networks: A survey from algorithms to accelerators | S Abadal, A Jain, R Guirado, J López-Alonso… - ACM Computing …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Next, in Section 5, we present our vision for the architectural design of GNN accelerators with  a focus on internal communication … Programming models. From the perspective of  computation, several programming abstractions are considered to support all possible operations …
In-memory data parallel processor | D Fujiki, S Mahlke, R Das - ACM SIGPLAN Notices, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Since TensorFlow is available for variety of programming languages (eg Python, C++, Java,  Go), programmers … supports variety of target hardware systems (eg CPU, GPU, distributed  system), programmers can easily validate the functionality of the kernel and scale the system …
Edge computing for Internet of Things: A survey, e-healthcare case study and future direction | PP Ray, D Dash, D De - Journal of Network and Computer Applications, 2019 - Elsevier | … OS: Several low footprint operating systems are being deployed into the vast range of SoCs  for effective system interfacing purposes. Most of those support many of the RISC/CISC cores  to get implied with. A handful of them are included in this study due to their popularity and …
SPEC CPU2017: Next-generation compute benchmark | J Bucek, KD Lange, J v. Kistowski - … /SPEC International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Individual benchmarks within SPEC CPU2017 are ported to multiple architectures (such as  32and 64-bit versions of AMD64, ARMv8, AArch64, Intel IA32, Power ISA, SPARC, and more),  can run on various operating systems such as UNIX based operating systems (AIX, Linux, …
Deepgauge: Multi-granularity testing criteria for deep learning systems | L Ma, F Juefei-Xu, F Zhang, J Sun, M Xue, B Li… - … ACM/IEEE International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … deep learning systems of which the architectural features appearing to be a step above current  traditional software. We will see that DL fundamentally changes the software development  paradigm. Precisely, we try to analogize that the programming language logic execution to …
Hodor: Intra-process isolation for high-throughput data plane libraries | M Hedayati, S Gravani, E Johnson, J Criswell… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … operations per second make their way into data centers, the software stack managing such  devices has been shifting from implementations within the operating system ker… on Architectural  Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS), pages 301–316, …
Mobile cloud computing: Challenges and future research directions | TH Noor, S Zeadally, A Alfazi, QZ Sheng - … of Network and Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … it accords the version of the operating system, type of cloud, or type of wireless network. The  … tools, libraries and programming languages supported by the cloud service provider. The  … domain that the proposed architecture supports (ie, service provider, service consumer, or …
What is discussed about blockchain? a case study on the use of balanced lda and the reference architecture of a domain to capture online discussions about … | Z Wan, X Xia, AE Hassan - IEEE Transactions on Software …, 2019 - computer.org | … The contract terms are specified ,using programming languages and can be executed by  the,blockchain nodes.,1,Depending on the implementation, the address can be the public,key  itself or (usually) a hash of it.,2.2 Blockchain Platforms,Ever since Bitcoin marked the …
DARPA's explainable artificial intelligence (XAI) program | D Gunning, D Aha - AI Magazine, 2019 - ojs.aaai.org | … 2015) with probabilistic programming languages (Pfeffer 2016) to describe complex and rich  phenomena. CAMEL can be used to … in a probabilistic programming language, naturally  express causal relationships; they are well suited for this task of explaining ML systems. CAMEL …
Control of smart home operations using natural language processing, voice recognition and IoT technologies in a multi-tier architecture | G Alexakis, S Panagiotakis, A Fragkakis, E Markakis… - Designs, 2019 - mdpi.com | … custom NLP systems for smart home automation with the whole project based on the NLP  system design and its final implementation [9,10,11]. In the current project, the NLP system  used is an external online service. Hence, the challenge is to efficiently integrate this service to …
Resunet++: An advanced architecture for medical image segmentation | D Jha, PH Smedsrud, MA Riegler… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Towards developing a fully automated model for pixel-wise polyp segmentation, we propose  ResUNet++, which is an improved ResUNet architecture for colonoscopic image segmentation.  Our experimental evaluations show that the suggested architecture produces good …
Blockchain-based research data sharing framework for incentivizing the data owners | AK Shrestha, J Vassileva - International Conference on Blockchain, 2018 - Springer | … Developers can create interfaces and business logic with any of the known programming  languages and tools. Ethereum has Ether (ETH) as its own virtual currency, which can be used  to pay a transaction fee and to provide a primary liquidity layer for exchanging digital assets. …
SWITCH workbench: A novel approach for the development and deployment of time-critical microservice-based cloud-native applications | P Štefanič, M Cigale, AC Jones, L Knight… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … -programming model uses a unique architecture supported by three subsystems: SWITCH  Interactive development Environment (SIDE), Dynamic Real-time Infrastructure Planner (DRIP)  and Autonomous System … -infrastructure co-programming language in SWITCH is to provide …
PAR: a practicable formal method and its supporting platform | J Xue, Y Zheng, Q Hu, Z You, W Xie… - International Conference …, 2018 - Springer | … The generic mechanisms in executable programming languages such as Java and C++  play an important role in increasing the reusability … The standard data type referred to in this  article is the data type set in the common executable programming language such as C++ and …
Smart manufacturing standardization: Architectures, reference models and standards framework | Q Li, Q Tang, I Chan, H Wei, Y Pu, H Jiang, J Li… - Computers in …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Enabling technology and supporting environment: relating to hardware and software. They  are enabling technology to develop functional technologies and support system integration,  which including computer graphics, operating systems and network protocols etc [72]. …
Penetration testing framework for smart contract blockchain | A Bhardwaj, SBH Shah, A Shankar, M Alazab… - Peer-to-Peer Networking …, 2021 - Springer | … Proceedings of 7th ACM SIGPLAN international conference for certified program proofs (CPP),  Los Angeles, 66–77 … U (2019) SMART security alert system for monitoring and controlling  container transportation. 4th MEC international conference on big data and Smart City (…
The role of big data analytics in industrial Internet of Things | MH ur Rehman, I Yaqoob, K Salah, M Imran… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … Operating system-level virtualisation is the most common whereby operating system kernels  and functions are virtualised as virtual … ISI–Indexed journals and conferences. He has served  as a technical program committee member for various international conferences. He has/is …
{ACES}: Automatic compartments for embedded systems | AA Clements, NS Almakhdhub, S Bagchi… - … } Security Symposium  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Many of these “things” are vulnerable baremetal embedded systems where the application  executes directly on hardware without an operating system. Unfortunately, the integrity of  current systems may be compromised by a single vulnerability, as recently shown by Google’s …
LightJason, a highly scalable and concurrent agent framework: overview and application | M Aschermann, S Dennisen, P Kraus… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ifaamas.org | … Also, the theoretical course materials, and the reference documentation of the AgentSpeak(L++)  programming language are integrated into the … To conclude, in creating and using the  Speeding Game, we largely benefited from the use of LightJason and the architectural design …
On the understanding of gamification in blockchain systems | RM Parizi, A Dehghantanha - … 6th International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … [14] JC Paiva, JP Leal, and RAP de Queirós, “Design and implementation of an IDE for  learning programming languages using a gamification service,” in Gamification-Based E-Learning  Strategies for Computer Programming Education, 2017, pp. 295–308. …
Cleanupspec: An" undo" approach to safe speculation | G Saileshwar, MK Qureshi - … Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We evaluate a system configured as in Table 4. A minor difference compared to prior work  InvisiSpec, is that we use a Close-Page policy in the … In Proceedings of the 20th International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (…
Towards an information centric flood ontology for information management and communication | Y Sermet, I Demir - Earth Science Informatics, 2019 - Springer | … wide support in major programming languages which eliminates the need for a translation  module that converts the visual model of the ontology to a structured representation in the relevant  language. … In: Proceedings of the international conference on modeling, simulation and …
Analyzing the relevance of SOA patterns for microservice-based systems | J Bogner, A Zimmermann… - … of the 10th …, 2018 - publikationen.reutlingen-university … | … Most frequently violated Microservices characteristics were Decentralization and Single  System. The findings suggest that Microservices and SOA share a large set of architectural  principles and solutions in the general space of ServiceBased Systems while only having a small …
A generic static analysis framework for domain-specific languages | A Mandal, D Mohan, R Jetley, S Nair… - … 23rd International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … programming languages are not always adequate for these systems. Thus, we need  specialized tools and techniques that address the domain-specific languages… [28] describe an  approach for run-time verification of safety properties for robots running on robot operating system (…
Courses, content, and tools for internet of things in computer science education | B Burd, L Barker, M Divitini, FAF Perez… - … ITiCSE Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … The goal of this paper is not to define IoT, but to support computer and information science  educators in making decisions about how to … the phone’s operating system plays a role in  determining the programming language: Swift and the older Objective-C language are the native …
Supervisory control of discrete-event systems: A brief history | WM Wonham, K Cai, K Rudie - Annual Reviews in Control, 2018 - Elsevier | … The solution of the formal problem of optimal control is thus precisely the top element of  this semilattice, or supremal controllable sublanguage (of the legal language). The latter was  shown to be effectively computable, indeed polynomial in the state size of the legal language, …
Faster, higher, stronger: E 2.3 | S Schulz, S Cruanes, P Vukmirović - International Conference on …, 2019 - Springer | … We describe the basic logical and software architecture of the system, as well as core features  of the implementation. We particularly discuss … such as unlimited size stacks, splay trees,  dynamic arrays, as well as convenient abstractions for a number of operating system services. …
AI platform to accelerate API economy and ecosystem | KY Lee, N Ha - 2018 International Conference on Information …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … First, Azure supports a range of operating systems, programming languages, frameworks,  databases, and devices. Second, Azure is the only consistent hybrid cloud. Azure offers hybrid  consistency in application development, management and security, identity management, …
Unified LTL verification and embedded execution of UML models | V Besnard, M Brun, F Jouault, C Teodorov… - … ACM/IEEE International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We have then defined an action language that reuses the syntax of the C programming  language for arithmetic and logical operations as well … usage, the resulting executable code  (binProp) is a dynamic library, that can be loaded dynamically by the host operating system. For …
Machine learning of noise-resilient quantum circuits | L Cincio, K Rudinger, M Sarovar, PJ Coles - PRX Quantum, 2021 - APS | Noise mitigation and reduction will be crucial for obtaining useful answers from near-term  quantum computers. In this work, we present a general framework based on machine learning  for reducing the impact of quantum hardware noise on quantum circuits. Our method, called …
Understanding flaky tests: The developer's perspective | M Eck, F Palomba, M Castelluccio… - … Engineering Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Learning from Mistakes: A Comprehensive Study on Real World Concurrency Bug  Characteristics. In Proceedings of the International Conference on Architectural Support for  Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS). ACM, 329–339. …
The case for RISC-V in space | S Di Mascio, A Menicucci, G Furano… - International Conference …, 2018 - Springer | This paper presents Di Mascio, Stefano preliminary position on the Menicucci, Alessandra  use of the novel, free and open RISC-V Instruction Set Architecture (ISA) for on- board  Furano, Gianluca electronics in space. The modular nature of this ISA, the availability of a rich …
Improving transformer-based end-to-end speech recognition with connectionist temporal classification and language model integration | T Nakatani - Proc. Interspeech 2019, 2019 - isca-speech.org | … -the-art neural network architecture named Transformer has been used successfully for  many sequence-tosequence transformation tasks. The advantage of this architecture is that it  has a fast iteration speed in the training stage because there is no sequential operation as with …
Ontology based chatbot (for e-commerce website) | A Vegesna, P Jain, D Porwal - International Journal of Computer …, 2018 - academia.edu | … procedures that allow the creation of applications which access the features or data of an  operating system, application, or other service. … IBM Bluemix is a platform-as-a-service  environment developed by IBM. It supports several programming languages and services as well as …
Internet of robotic things: driving intelligent robotics of future-concept, architecture, applications and technologies | RS Batth, A Nayyar, A Nagpal - … 4th International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Internet acts as the primary medium for IoRT robotic systems to get connected to the cloud.  With advancements in robot operating systems framework, there is no longer any complexity  in communication. All the communication can be performed with just a simple call of the API (…
World of code: an infrastructure for mining the universe of open source VCS data | Y Ma, C Bogart, S Amreen, R Zaretzki… - … ACM 16th International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The main drawbacks of Candoia are that it only supports limited programming language (JS  and Java) based projects, and ecosystem-wide research might be difficult to implement since  Candoia relies on users to provide software related data (eg, targeted software repository …
Accelerating CNN inference on FPGAs: A survey | K Abdelouahab, M Pelcat, J Serot, F Berry - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … With this paradigm, the problem of CNN mapping boils down to nding the optimal architectural  con guration of PEs (number of PEs, number … Proceedings of the International Conference  on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems - ASPLOS’17, …
A review of deep learning research | R Mu, X Zeng - … Transactions on Internet and Information Systems …, 2019 - koreascience.or.kr | … learning, and there are also many corresponding programming languages. Table 2 shows  performance comparison of common open resource frameworks in each dimension. In the  future, we believe that more efficient programming languages or platforms may also emerge. …
Rendered insecure: Gpu side channel attacks are practical | H Naghibijouybari, A Neupane, Z Qian… - … SIGSAC conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … showed that covert channels between colluding concurrently running CUDA applications  (CUDA is Nvidia’s programming language for general purpose … International Conference  on Architecture Support for Operating Systems and Programming Languages (ASPLOS). …
From field-based coordination to aggregate computing | M Viroli, J Beal, F Damiani, G Audrito… - International Conference …, 2018 - Springer | … , being available on a variety of architectures and operating systems; second, the Java  world is rich in libraries that can be directly used … Working with a general-purpose, multi-paradigm  programming language like Scala gives to the hands of developers quite a lot of flexibility …
Deployment of IoT applications on 5G edge | P Kiss, A Reale, CJ Ferrari… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In [30] authors describe a possible AI-supported cellular network architecture, where an  AI-controller is deployed on top of the Open Network Operating System (ONOS), or an  independent network entity. The controller communicates with Radio Access Network (RAN), Core …
Scaling for edge inference of deep neural networks | X Xu, Y Ding, SX Hu, M Niemier, J Cong, Y Hu… - Nature Electronics, 2018 - nature.com | … are increasing gaps between the computational complexity and energy efficiency required  by data scientists and the hardware capacity made available by hardware architects. We then  discuss various architecture and algorithm innovations that could help to bridge the gaps. …
An exploratory study of smart contracts in the Ethereum blockchain platform | GA Oliva, AE Hassan, ZMJ Jiang - Empirical Software Engineering, 2020 - Springer | … characteristics compared to other popular programming languages. Further studies are …  In: Proceedings of the 14th international conference on mining software repositories, MSR ’…  “one of the largest blockchain-based operating systems in the world”. The project raised US…
ImageJockey: A Framework for Container Performance Engineering | T Yoshimura, R Nakazawa… - … International Conference …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The public repositories provide a wide variety of images including Web frameworks,  operating system (OS) tools, and programming language runtimes, which are essential to start  and run Linux applications. Each image also provides many choices of image versions as tags. …
Memory-efficient pipeline-parallel dnn training | D Narayanan, A Phanishayee, K Shi… - International …, 2021 - proceedings.mlr.press | … In this work, we propose PipeDream-2BW, a system that supports memory-efficient pipeline  parallelism. PipeDream-2BW uses a novel pipelining and weight gradient coalescing strategy,  combined with the double buffering of weights, to ensure high throughput, low memory …
Model-agnostic counterfactual explanations for consequential decisions | AH Karimi, G Barthe, B Balle… - International Conference …, 2020 - proceedings.mlr.press | … represented by programs in a core programming language with assignments, conditionals,  … Figure 2b provides the programming language description of this decision tree. To construct  … The programming language representation of this model is given in Figure 3b. In this case, …
Badger: complexity analysis with fuzzing and symbolic execution | Y Noller, R Kersten, CS Păsăreanu - … SIGSOFT International Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … S2E: A Platform for In-vivo Multi-path Analysis of Software Systems. In Proceedings of the  Sixteenth International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages  and Operating Systems (ASPLOS XVI). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 265–278. https://doi.org/…
Emerging use of UAV's: secure communication protocol issues and challenges | NA Khan, NZ Jhanjhi, SN Brohi, A Nayyar - Drones in Smart-Cities, 2020 - Elsevier | … MAVLink is more scalable, allowing more concurrent systems and supports many  programming languages. In contrast, UranusLink and UAVCan have no support for multiple  languages and concurrency. The overall comparison of these protocols is presented in Table 3.3. …
Internet of Things (IoT): A review of enabling technologies, challenges, and open research issues | A Čolaković, M Hadžialić - Computer Networks, 2018 - Elsevier | … The SDKs (Software Development Kit) for these operating systems provides a software framework  for various … framework supports application programming by using various programming  languages such as c, C++, C#, Java, etc. Another important building block of IoT systems …
Cognitive twins for supporting decision-makings of Internet of Things systems | J Lu, X Zheng, A Gharaei, K Kalaboukas… - … International Conference …, 2020 - Springer | … are well-managed and concerns beyond technical stake holders are addressed during IoT  system development. In this paper, a Knowledge Graph (… Based on the comparison between  DT and CT, we infer the CT is a more comprehensive approach to support IoT-based systems …
A systematic review of perception system and simulators for autonomous vehicles research | F Rosique, PJ Navarro, C Fernández, A Padilla - Sensors, 2019 - mdpi.com | … Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS), Simultaneous Localization And Mapping (SLAM), Driving,  traffic, etc.). Most simulation tools are compatible with programming languages … The Robot  Operating System (ROS) is a mature and flexible framework for robotics programming. ROS …
Multi-programming language software systems modularization | M Kargar, A Isazadeh, H Izadkhah - Computers & Electrical Engineering, 2019 - Elsevier | … which are written in a programming language. This paper introduces the concept of multi-programming  language modularization. It then presents a technique for modularization of applications  which are written in multiple programming languages. The results on Mozilla Firefox …
Processing-in-memory for energy-efficient neural network training: A heterogeneous approach | J Liu, H Zhao, MA Ogleari, D Li… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We adopt OpenCL, due to its portability, expressiveness, and ability to enable high programming  productivity to support programming on heterogeneous systems (details are discussed in  Section III-B). However, it is not straightforward to adopt OpenCL for NN model training on …
Evomaster: Evolutionary multi-context automated system test generation | A Arcuri - 2018 IEEE 11th International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … running on JVM technology, and has been used to find several faults in existing open-source  projects. We discuss some of the architectural decisions made for its implementation, and  future work. Keywords: REST, SBSE, SBST, SOA, Microservice, Web Service, Test Generation …
A survey on the security of blockchain systems | X Li, P Jiang, T Chen, X Luo, Q Wen - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2020 - Elsevier | … The introduction of Turing-complete programming languages to enable users to develop smart  contracts running on the blockchain marks the start of blockchain 2.0 era. With the decentralized  consensus mechanism of blockchain, smart contracts allow mutually distrusted users …
Fog at the edge: Experiences building an edge computing platform | NK Giang, R Lea, M Blackstock… - 2018 IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Dataflow-based programming languages appeared to be a natural fit for the need for  application decomposition and distribution, and seemed very suitable for a large number of  IoT applications[4]. Node-RED is a popular dataflow-based visual programming tool and …
Demystifying parallel and distributed deep learning: An in-depth concurrency analysis | T Ben-Nun, T Hoefler - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We discuss asynchronous stochastic optimization, distributed system architectures,  communication schemes, and neural architecture … as well as extensions to training algorithms  and systems targeted at supporting distributed environments. To provide comparative measures on …
Deploying microservice based applications with kubernetes: Experiments and lessons learned | LA Vayghan, MA Saied, M Toeroe… - … IEEE 11th international …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Microservices, composing an application, can be written in different programming languages  and use different storage technologies. … Moreover, the fine-grained architecture makes  scaling flexible as each service can evolve at its own workload pace. To leverage all these …
Transform blockchain into distributed parallel computing architecture for precision medicine | Z Shae, J Tsai - 2018 IEEE 38th International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The required researches and developments to employ Google federated learning [23] and  transfer learning algorithms for this new architecture will be discussed. This paper will also  illustrate mechanisms leveraging the new architecture to build a real world evidence clinical …
Software language engineering in the large: towards composing and deriving languages | K Hölldobler, B Rumpe, A Wortmann - Computer Languages, Systems & …, 2018 - Elsevier | … languages and highlights selected language development environments employing these  mechanisms. Afterwards, we illustrate the development of a language to represent a variant  of UML class diagrams that will serve as running example for the subsequent sections. …
Towards executing computer vision functionality on programmable network devices | R Glebke, J Krude, I Kunze, J Rüth, F Senger… - Proceedings of the 1st …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … thus avoiding overheads introduced by multi-hop paths and network stacks of operating  systems, the applicability of In-Network Processing (INP) … As we will describe later in this paper,  the paradigms in popular data plane programming languages such as P4 [4] are especially …
RansomWall: A layered defense system against cryptographic ransomware attacks using machine learning | SK Shaukat, VJ Ribeiro - 2018 10th International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … System files are not encrypted to keep the operating system working. Even after payment it is  not guaranteed that the user receives the decryption key to restore encrypted files. … SYSTEM  DESIGN This section presents system design and layered architecture of RansomWall. …
Business strategy modelling based on enterprise architecture: A state of the art review | F Kitsios, M Kamariotou - Business Process Management Journal, 2019 - emerald.com | … , the last architecture consists of computers, networks, peripherals, operating systems, …  systems planning and its impact on firm performance in Greek SMEs. She acts as a reviewer  for international conferences, and she is author of papers in scientific journals and conference …
Blockchain and the built environment: Potentials and limitations | NO Nawari, S Ravindran - Journal of Building Engineering, 2019 - Elsevier | … Apart from serving as general purpose programming languages, scripting languages also  include the provision of randomness, management of anonymity, monitoring transactions,  and assigning incentives, among other useful features that can be automated. Although all …
Identifying sdc-causing instructions based on random forests algorithm | LP Liu, LL Ci, W Liu, H Yang - … Internet and Information Systems  …, 2019 - koreascience.or.kr | … Silent Data Corruptions (SDCs) is a serious reliability issue in many domains of computer  system. The identification and protection of the program instructions that cause SDCs is one  of the research hotspots in computer reliability field at present. A lot of solutions have already …
IoT enabled cancer prediction system to enhance the authentication and security using cloud computing | M Anuradha, T Jayasankar, NB Prakash… - Microprocessors and …, 2021 - Elsevier | … In his credit, he has fifteen journal publications and fourteen international conference  publications. His area of specialization … international journals and conferences. Her area of  specialization includes medical image processing, Data Structures, and Programming languages …
Machine learning at the network edge: A survey | MGS Murshed, C Murphy, D Hou, N Khan… - ACM Computing …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … open source framework that is independent of the operating systems and hardware. EdgeX  Foundry3 is another … operating systems, domain specific programming languages, and software  to facilitate the development of cloud-edge services. SeeDot is a programming language, …
Applying the smart grid architecture model for designing and validating system-of-systems in the power and energy domain: A European perspective | M Uslar, S Rohjans, C Neureiter, F Pröstl Andrén… - Energies, 2019 - mdpi.com | … Mostly, this process is used for elicitation of the information needed for creating a solution  architecture and implementing and operating it. The architecture of a system is one key  element to work towards the common project goal of deploying a product according to the …
Development of Mobile Cloud Applications using UML. | DK Kim - International Journal of Electrical & Computer …, 2018 - academia.edu | … We can understand the physical configuration of the operating system for the BBS application.  The deployment diagram can be … Due to such a different platform, the software developer  should use different programming languages, software development kits, and runtime systems…
Blockchain technology and BIM process: review and potential applications. | NO Nawari, S Ravindran - J. Inf. Technol. Constr., 2019 - academia.edu | … In most cases, chaincode interacts only with the database component of the ledger, the world  state (querying it, for example), and not the … in several programming languages. The currently  supported chaincode language is Go with support for Java and other languages coming …
Intelligent oil field approach using virtual reality and mobile anthropomorphic robots | JE Naranjo, P Ayala, S Altamirano, G Brito… - International Conference …, 2018 - Springer | … MQQT (Message Queue Telemetry Transport), instant messaging protocol developed by  IBM, is based on a publish/subscribe model [4], supports all types of platforms and a variety of  programming languages, it is ideal for the implementation of distributed automation systems …
The role of the Mizar Mathematical Library for interactive proof development in Mizar | G Bancerek, C Byliński, A Grabowski… - Journal of Automated …, 2018 - Springer | … in computer technology and its popularization together with the proliferation of more user-friendly  programming languages allowed the … From the very beginning Trybulec postulated a  language and a computer system for recording mathematical papers in such a way that [35…
Methodological principles for reproducible performance evaluation in cloud computing | AV Papadopoulos, L Versluis, A Bauer… - IEEE Transactions …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and  Operating Systems (ASPLOS), the ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP),  and the International Conference on Very Large Data Bases (VLDB), cannot be reproduced due …
Recursive cascaded networks for unsupervised medical image registration | S Zhao, Y Dong, EI Chang, Y Xu - … International Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … On the other hand, cascading may not help much when dealing with discontinuity and  occlusions. Thus by intuition, we suggest that cascaded networks with a recursive architecture  fits the setting of deformable registration. Learning-based methods are also suggested as an ap…
Android data storage security: A review | H Altuwaijri, S Ghouzali - Journal of King Saud University-Computer and …, 2020 - Elsevier | … Android is an open source mobile operating system that was initially developed by Android  Inc. and financially backed and later bought by Google. In November 2007, the initial beta  version of Android was released, then the first stable version 1.0 followed in September 2008. …
Towards safer smart contracts: A survey of languages and verification methods | D Harz, W Knottenbelt - arXiv preprint arXiv:1809.09805, 2018 - arxiv.org | … Significant efforts are taken to improve their security by introducing new programming languages  and advance verification methods… world smart contracts, we present a literature survey on  current languages and verification efforts. We contribute an overview of contract language …
Web Resource Changes Monitoring System Development. | L Chyrun, Y Burov, B Rusyn, L Pohreliuk, O Oleshek… - MoMLeT, 2019 - ceur-ws.org | … C was taken to perform this operation. This resource provides artificial neural networks more  than on 20 programming languages. Below is a list … It was executed using Apache HTTP  Server; MySQL; Debian – the operating system on the server under which the web server will be …
Overview of human-robot collaboration in manufacturing | L Wang, S Liu, H Liu, XV Wang - … international conference on the industry …, 2020 - Springer | … computer operating system and brand-specific robot control system which is characterised  with sensor connectivity, cross-brand robot control capability and software architecture … While  these robots are controlled by their own programming languages (ie KUKA Robot Language …
Fault analysis and debugging of microservice systems: Industrial survey, benchmark system, and empirical study | X Zhou, X Peng, T Xie, J Sun, C Ji… - IEEE Transactions on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … programming languages are used to develop the system? • What challenges does your  team face during the maintenance of the system? … , we find that internal faults and servicelevel  environment configuration faults are common in both microservice systems and monolithic …
IoT Serverless Computing at the Edge: A Systematic Mapping Review | V Kjorveziroski, S Filiposka, V Trajkovik - Computers, 2021 - mdpi.com | … functionality to achieve more complex systems or applications. Thus, the main point of function  as a service, and serverless computing in general, is to allow the developer to write functional  code with a well defined task, using the desired programming language, which can then …
Introduction to runtime verification | E Bartocci, Y Falcone, A Francalanza… - Lectures on Runtime …, 2018 - Springer | … is strictly related to the programming language in which the software is implemented or to the  low-level language in which it is compiled (ie, … of ASPLOS: The 11th International Conference  on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, pp. 156–…
Migrating towards microservice architectures: an industrial survey | P Di Francesco, P Lago… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … monolith to the microservice-based architecture your network component becomes a really  big part of your system and as we all know the … As future work, we are planning to design an  architecturecentric method for supporting the three migration phases of the horseshoe model …
Pioneering Chiplet Technology and Design for the AMD EPYC™ and Ryzen™ Processor Families: Industrial Product | S Naffziger, N Beck, T Burd, K Lepak… - … Annual International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … available to the operating system (OS), so that when the OS runs a single high-performance  thread it can schedule the program to the highest performing core. Each eight-core CCD  consists of a pair of core complexes (CCX) each with an L3 cache and four associated cores. …
Cloud-assisted gamification for education and learning–Recent advances and challenges | S Hakak, NFM Noor, MN Ayub, H Affal, N Hussin… - Computers & Electrical …, 2019 - Elsevier | … applications with varied support of programming languages like Java, Python, PHP. … He  has served as Chair and Co-chair in several international conferences. His areas of … He has  published a number of research papers in refereed international conferences and journals. He …
The technical debt dataset | V Lenarduzzi, N Saarimäki, D Taibi - … Fifteenth International Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … in a commit relying on Lizard7, a tool that can analyze source code of different programming  languages, both at class and method level. … In Proceedings of the 11th international  conference on predictive models and data analytics in software engineering. [31] Fabio Palomba, …
Towards blockchain-driven, secure and transparent audit logs | A Ahmad, M Saad, M Bassiouni… - … International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … (3) We provide the theoretical design of BlockAudit, and use a real world eGovernment  application, provided by Clearvillage Inc., to implement the system model on Hyperledger. (4)  Finally, we analyze the performance of our system using three evaluation parameters, namely …
Benchmarking contemporary deep learning hardware and frameworks: A survey of qualitative metrics | W Dai, D Berleant - 2019 IEEE First International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 4) Compatibility means devices can be supported by multiple deep learning frameworks  and popular programming languages. FPGAs needs specially developing libraries, so that  FPGAs are not that good with respect to compatibility. GPUs have the best compatibilities [24]. …
Evaluation of distributed stream processing frameworks for IoT applications in Smart Cities | H Nasiri, S Nasehi, M Goudarzi - Journal of Big Data, 2019 - Springer | … to their programming model, type of data sources, and supported programming languages.  … Storm 0.10.0, Apache Flink 1.2.0 and Spark 2.2.1 on top of Ubuntu 16.04 operating system.  … In: Proceedings of the international conference on smart cities and internet of things. New …
Contextual understanding of microservice architecture: current and future directions | T Cerny, MJ Donahoo, M Trnka - ACM SIGAPP Applied Computing …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … The last architectural variation we mention is a Self-Contained System (SCS) [2]. In this  approach, a particular system breaks into multiple SCS components that consist of two parts,  a user interface and separately-deployable μServices sharing the same code-base. Various …
Graphq: Scalable pim-based graph processing | Y Zhuo, C Wang, M Zhang, R Wang, D Niu… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Moreover, GraphQ is the first PIMbased graph processing architecture that supports multi-node.  To tackle the discrepancy between inter-… runtime system transparently realizes the ideas  with minor architecture supports. GraphH [13] is another PIM graph processing architecture …
Bigdl: A distributed deep learning framework for big data | JJ Dai, Y Wang, X Qiu, D Ding, Y Zhang… - … of the ACM Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … model of BigDL to support large-scale distributed training (a challenging system problem for  deep learning frameworks), as well as empirical results of realworld deep learning applications  … in 2015 ACM SIGMOD international conference on management of data. SIGMOD’15. …
A formal approach to constructing secure air vehicle software | D Cofer, A Gacek, J Backes, MW Whalen, L Pike… - Computer, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … (particularly in operating systems), on interactive theorem proving, and in programming  languages. … on operating systems, especially microkernel-based systems for safety- and  security-critical uses, cybersecurity, real-time systems, and architectural support for operating systems…
An edge computing architecture in the Internet of Things | CM Fernández, MD Rodríguez… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In contrast to traditional hypervisors, lightweight virtualization technologies implement  virtualization of processes through containers in the operating system. This reduces the  overhead of the hardware and virtual device virtualization in traditional hypervisors, allowing the …
Stanza: A Python natural language processing toolkit for many human languages | P Qi, Y Zhang, Y Zhang, J Bolton… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … accessible with Python, the programming language of choice for many NLP practitioners, due  to the lack of official support. To facilitate the … Notably, we find that Sta nz a ’s languageagnostic  architecture is able to adapt to datasets of different languages and genres. This is also …
Shellnet: Efficient point cloud convolutional neural networks using concentric shells statistics | Z Zhang, BS Hua, SK Yeung - … International Conference on …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … For semantic segmentation, we follow a U-net [29] architecture. The encoder is in green and  the decoder is in yellow. Point downsampling … Compared to PointCNN [20], one of the fastest  method in this experiment, we use a much simpler network architecture. To turn the point …
Energy-efficient edge based real-time healthcare support system | S Abirami, P Chitra - Advances in Computers, 2020 - Elsevier | … The required deep learning model for inference can be built through any high-level  programming languages (eg, C ++, … international conferences. She has under her credits many  publications in reputed international conferences and journals in the areas of distributed systems…
Machine learning and deep learning frameworks and libraries for large-scale data mining: a survey | G Nguyen, S Dlugolinsky, M Bobák, V Tran… - Artificial Intelligence …, 2019 - Springer | … It is compatible with many compilers, languages, operating systems, and linking and …  standard programming languages. These tools are designed for various purposes: as analytics  platforms, predictive systems, recommender systems, processors (for images, sound or language…
Mlperf training benchmark | P Mattson, C Cheng, C Coleman, G Diamos… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … A system description includes both the hardware (number of nodes, processor and accelerator  counts and types, storage per node, and network interconnect) and the software (operating  system as well as libraries and their versions). A training-session log file contains a variety …
An industry 4.0-enabled low cost predictive maintenance approach for smes | E Sezer, D Romero, F Guedea… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … and graphical techniques are supported in R. The choice of the open-source R programming  language is consistent with the main idea of a low-cost and flexible solution, it can perform  operations on entire arrays of numbers without writing loops and it is attractive in terms of …
Internet of things (iot): Operating system, applications and protocols design, and validation techniques | YB Zikria, H Yu, MK Afzal, MH Rehmani… - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Consequently, it is desirable for an IoT OS to comply with the well-known system and  programming language standards such as POSIX or ANSI C. Moreover, the OS needs to support  mechanisms to use third-party code similar to package systems in Linux distributions or ports …
From start-ups to scale-ups: Opportunities and open problems for static and dynamic program analysis | M Harman, P O'Hearn - … 18th International Working Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … basis for the perennial panel sessions that spring up at countless international conferences.  … We explain some of the myths, prevalent in Programming Languages and Software … from  the driver to operating system functions, and even some C programming language functions, by …
Fog computing for sustainable smart cities in the IoT era: Caching techniques and enabling technologies-an overview | H Zahmatkesh, F Al-Turjman - Sustainable Cities and Society, 2020 - Elsevier | … FogTorchII: FogTorchII (Brogi, Forti, & Ibrahim, 2017) is an open source simulator based on  Java that supports application deployment in the fog. It is capable to model software capabilities  such as programming languages and OS, and hardware capabilities including RAM, …
Analyzing, Designing and Implementing a Web-Based Auction online System | R Aldaej, L Alfowzan, R Alhashem… - International Journal …, 2018 - ripublication.com | … This paper highlights the best practices in building and designing a web-based auction  system. In this work, we designed and implemented online web-based auction system (OAS)  using the UML, Microsoft Access 2010 and ASP.NET programming language. In the proposed …
Conceptual framework for the security of mobile health applications on android platform | M Hussain, AA Zaidan, BB Zidan, S Iqbal… - Telematics and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … mHealth apps operate on mobile platforms, and because the Android operating system is  chosen as the target platform in this article, there … such as graphics processing and multimedia  support. These libraries are written in the C/C++ programming language. The final part of …
WIR: Warp instruction reuse to minimize repeated computations in GPUs | K Kim, WW Ro - … International Symposium on High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we will use the GPU terminology and a GPU architecture inspired from NVIDIA  GPUs [1], [2], [3], [4]. A GPU chip has multiple … We propose a reference counting system  consists of a scheduler and a counter array. Each counter is associated with a physical register, …
TuSoW: Tuple spaces for edge computing | G Ciatto, L Rizzato, A Omicini… - … International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … on the target platform – to let developers handle suspensive semantics in the most natural way  for their programming language of choice. … technological support, in a pursue for interoperability.  To this end, we believe TuSoW modular architecture and the number of languages, …
Fpga-based high-performance embedded systems for adaptive edge computing in cyber-physical systems: The artico3 framework | A Rodríguez, J Valverde, J Portilla, A Otero, T Riesgo… - Sensors, 2018 - mdpi.com | … and programming, and infrastructures and Operating Systems (OS) for run-time operation. …  Architectural support for reconfigurable computing has been widely studied and therefore, …  in any programming language (eg, C/C++), that will use the proposed processing architecture. …
5G-enabled Hierarchical architecture for software-defined intelligent transportation system | S Din, A Paul, A Rehman - Computer Networks, 2019 - Elsevier | … In this section, we show the simulation conducted using C programming language to test  the performance and feasibility of the proposed 5G-enabled SDN for ITS. In the simulation,  the time given to the entire communication between the vehicles and SDN controller is 180 s, …
Ray: A distributed framework for emerging {AI} applications | P Moritz, R Nishihara, S Wang, A Tumanov… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … The global control store (GCS) maintains the entire control state of the system, and it is a  unique feature of our design. At its core, GCS is a … Cilk [12] is a parallel programming language  whose work-stealing scheduler achieves provably efficient loadbalancing for dynamic task …
SDN controllers: Benchmarking & performance evaluation | L Zhu, MM Karim, K Sharif, F Li, X Du… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … The controller in a software defined network, also referred as Network Operating Systems  (NOS), is the core and critical component … on multiple standards like virtual switch support,  modularity, documentation, programming language compatibility and availability of user interface…
Toward modeling and optimization of features selection in Big Data based social Internet of Things | A Ahmad, M Khan, A Paul, S Din, MM Rathore… - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … traditional Beowulf architecture [[29], [30]]. In such systems, the computer nodes are provided  with a very light weight operating system, or … The proposed feature selection algorithm is  implemented in Java programming language. Moreover, the data classification is performed in …
Generative pretraining from pixels | M Chen, A Radford, R Child, J Wu… - International …, 2020 - proceedings.mlr.press | … Inspired by progress in unsupervised representation learning for natural language, we  examine … We also apply the sequence Transformer architecture to predict pixels instead of  language … In Proceedings of the fourteenth international conference on artificial intelligence and …
Characterizing and understanding hpc job failures over the 2k-day life of ibm bluegene/q system | S Di, H Guo, E Pershey, M Snir… - … International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … been approved by the Mira system administrator who is an expert in log analysis. Based  on our in-depth study of HPC jobs running on the IBM Blue Gene/Q Mira system, we address  the following questions. These questions are critical to large-scale system maintenance, in-…
HOList: An environment for machine learning of higher order logic theorem proving | K Bansal, S Loos, M Rabe… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … Architecture of the Environment Here we describe the architecture of the evaluation and training  environment. The goal of the environment is to … In essence, we propose a hybrid architecture  that both predicts the correct tactic to be applied, as well as rank the premise parameters …
Compressing DMA engine: Leveraging activation sparsity for training deep neural networks | M Rhu, M O'Connor, N Chatterjee… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We present a compressing DMA engine (cDMA), a general purpose DMA architecture for  GPUs that alleviates PCIe bottlenecks by reducing the size of the data structures copied in  and out of GPU memory. Our proposal minimizes the design overhead by extending the (de)…
A review on smart home present state and challenges: linked to context-awareness internet of things (IoT) | ZA Almusaylim, N Zaman - Wireless networks, 2019 - Springer | … that provides an abstracted layer among the context-aware applications and the operating  systems [30]. Context-aware middleware at smart home enables a home gateway to … In IEEE  the international conference on computer science and service system, 2012 (pp. 979–982). …
Automated vulnerability detection in source code using deep representation learning | R Russell, L Kim, L Hamilton, T Lazovich… - … IEEE international …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Since source code shares some commonalities with writing and work done for programming  languages is more limited, we build off approaches developed for natural language processing  (NLP) [22]. We leverage feature-extraction approaches similar to those used for sentence …
VTA: an open hardware-software stack for deep learning | T Moreau, T Chen, Z Jiang, L Ceze, C Guestrin… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - deepai.org | … Relay generalizes the computation graphs used by prior frameworks and deep learning  compilers into a full programming language. The Relay optimization pipeline performs generic  optimizations such as operator fusion and partial evaluation. Relay’s design is focused on …
Robotic services for new paradigm smart cities based on decentralized technologies | A Kapitonov, S Lonshakov, I Berman, EC Ferrer… - Ledger, 2019 - ledger.pitt.edu | … The robonomics method is equally applicable to any type and number of agents, so long as  there is a way to connect them to a decentralized computer. As a standard solution for agent  management, we suggest using the Robot Operating System (ROS) framework.This solves …
nGraph-HE: a graph compiler for deep learning on homomorphically encrypted data | F Boemer, Y Lao, R Cammarota… - … International Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … support Single Instruction Multiple Data (SIMD) operations [50], which we refer to as “HE-SIMD”  operations to avoid confusion with the usage of the “SIMD” term in computer architecture… ,  and operations on this ciphertext are equivalent to the same HE-SIMD operation on the …
Serverless computing: An investigation of factors influencing microservice performance | W Lloyd, S Ramesh, S Chinthalapati… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … provider, (2-VM cold) the very first service invocation made to a virtual machine (VM) hosting  one or more containers hosting microservice code, (3-container cold) the very first service  invocation made to an operating system container hosting microservice code, and (4-warm) a …
Designing blockchain-based applications a case study for imported product traceability | X Xu, Q Lu, Y Liu, L Zhu, H Yao, AV Vasilakos - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … Thus, the human-readable source code of smart contracts in high-level programming  languages are stored off-chain in Smart … in international journals and conferences. She is an  IEEE member and serves on the Program Committees of a number of international conferences in …
The express data path: Fast programmable packet processing in the operating system kernel | T Høiland-Jørgensen, JD Brouer, D Borkmann… - … of the 14th international …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … As an alternative to the kernel bypass design, we present a system that adds programmability  directly in the operating system networking stack in a cooperative way. This makes it  possible to perform high-speed packet processing that integrates seamlessly with existing …
Intelligence of things: opportunities & challenges | HF Atlam, RJ Walters, GB Wills - … of the Internet of Things (CIoT …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, one of the important challenges faced by the IoT systems is the wide heterogeneity  of devices, platforms, operating systems, and services that exist and might be used to create  new applications [30]. As the IoT continues to grow, the need for services that work with …
FireSim: FPGA-accelerated cycle-exact scale-out system simulation in the public cloud | S Karandikar, H Mao, D Kim, D Biancolin… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present FireSim, an open-source simulation platform that enables cycle-exact  microarchitectural simulation of large scale-out clusters by combining FPGA-accelerated simulation  of silicon-proven RTL designs with a scalable, distributed network simulation. Unlike prior FPGA…
Big data analytics for healthcare industry: impact, applications, and tools | S Kumar, M Singh - Big data mining and analytics, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Many healthcare shareholders trust information technology because of its meaningful  outcomes—their operating systems are functional and they can process the data into  standardized forms. Today, the healthcare industry is faced with the challenge of handling rapidly …
Server selection, configuration and reconfiguration technology for IaaS cloud with multiple server types | Y Yamato - Journal of Network and Systems Management, 2018 - Springer | … We also propose PaaS for applications described by general programming languages to  deploy offloadable logics on GPU and FPGA … In: Proceedings of Network and service  management, 2012 8th international conference and 2012 workshop on systems virtualiztion …
A blockchain use case in food distribution: Do you know where your food has been? | D Bumblauskas, A Mann, B Dugan, J Rittmer - International Journal of …, 2020 - Elsevier | This paper aims to explain the implementation of blockchain technology in the production  and supply chain delivery system for eggs from farm to consumer by a company based in the  Midwestern USA. One of the primary research questions answered is how blockchain can be …
Energy-aware virtual machine allocation for cloud with resource reservation | X Zhang, T Wu, M Chen, T Wei, J Zhou, S Hu… - Journal of Systems and …, 2019 - Elsevier | … In this real-world experiment, we investigated the allocation of eighty VM requests on the  six compute nodes, where all the VMs adopted the same operating system (ie, Ubuntu Linux  LTS 14.04). We developed a program written in C programming language which can control …
Cross-app interference threats in smart homes: Categorization, detection and handling | H Chi, Q Zeng, X Du, J Yu - … IEEE/IFIP International Conference …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Note that Home Automation Modeling is platform-specific because different smart homes  may employ different IoT platforms which support distinct programming languages and APIs.  We perform code analysis and code instrumentation to extract rule semantics and collect …
The three pillars of machine programming | J Gottschlich, A Solar-Lezama, N Tatbul… - … and Programming …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the Twentieth International Conference on Architectural Support for  Programming Languages and Operating Systems, … In Proceedings of the 12th International  Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, ASPLOS …
Understanding memory and thread safety practices and issues in real-world Rust programs | B Qin, Y Chen, Z Yu, L Song, Y Zhang - … Conference on Programming …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Rust is a young programming language designed for systems software development. It aims to  provide safety guarantees like high-level … In Proceedings of the 13th International Conference  on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS ’…
American sign language recognition using deep learning and computer vision | K Bantupalli, Y Xie - … IEEE International Conference on Big Data …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … vision there has been promising progress in the fields of motion and gesture recognition  using deep learning and computer visionbased techniques. The focus of this work is to  create a visionbased application which offers sign language translation to text thus aiding …
Trade-offs between distributed ledger technology characteristics | N Kannengießer, S Lins, T Dehling… - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … To give more flexibility to developers, the Ethereum foundation developed the Ethereum  Virtual Machine (EVM), which allows for the execution of Turing-complete smart contracts that  can be developed in high-level programming languages such as Solidity [22]. An Ethereum …
Long range sigfox communication protocol scalability analysis under large-scale, high-density conditions | A Lavric, AI Petrariu, V Popa - IEEE Access, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Thus, Open SigFox Stack Library (Open SigFox Stack) has been therefore implemented in  the system. This library is developed in Python and C programming languages and represents  an open source implementation of the SigFox communication stack, allowing the possibility …
