A checkpoint of research on parallel I/O for high-performance computing | FZ Boito, EC Inacio, JL Bez, POA Navaux… - ACM Computing …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … high-performance computing (HPC) context. This is an important field for HPC because of the  historic gap between processing power and storage latency, which causes application  performance … study of publications from the most important conferences and journals in a 5-year …
SparCML: High-performance sparse communication for machine learning | C Renggli, S Ashkboos, M Aghagolzadeh… - … Computing, Networking …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Applying machine learning techniques to the quickly growing data in science and industry  requires highly-scalable algorithms. Large datasets are most commonly processed" data  parallel" distributed across many nodes. Each node's contribution to the overall gradient is …
ADIOS 2: The Adaptable Input Output System. A framework for high-performance data management | WF Godoy, N Podhorszki, R Wang, C Atkins… - SoftwareX, 2020 - Elsevier | … data movement through files, wide-area-networks, and direct memory access, as well as  high-level APIs for data analysis. The internal architecture provides a set of reusable and … In:  2018 IEEE 38th international conference on distributed computing systems. 2018, p. 1357–68. …
Anomaly detection using autoencoders in high performance computing systems | A Borghesi, A Bartolini, M Lombardi, M Milano… - … of the AAAI Conference …, 2019 - ojs.aaai.org | … We propose a novel approach for anomaly detection in High Performance Computing  systems based on a Machine (Deep) Learning technique, namely a type of neural network  called autoencoder. The key idea is to train a set of autoencoders to learn the normal (healthy) …
Combined spatial and temporal blocking for high-performance stencil computation on FPGAs using OpenCL | HR Zohouri, A Podobas, S Matsuoka - … /SIGDA International Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … which has prevented large-scale adoption of FPGAs in the High Performance Computing  (HPC) community. However, with the recent improvements in High Level Synthesis (HLS),  especially the OpenCL programming model, new opportunities have opened up for using FPGAs …
TOSS-2020: a commodity software stack for HPC | EA León, T D'Hooge, N Hanford, I Karlin… - … Networking, Storage …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The simulation environment of any HPC platform is key to the performance, portability, and  productivity of scientific applications. This … relative to the vendor stack, includes an analysis  of resource manager complexity, system noise, networking, and application performance. …
Channel and filter parallelism for large-scale CNN training | N Dryden, N Maruyama, T Moon, T Benson… - … Computing, Networking …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Accelerating large-scale CNN training is needed to keep training times reasonable as datasets  grow larger and models become more complex. Existing frameworks primarily scale using  data-parallelism, but this is limited by the mini-batch size, which cannot grow arbitrarily. We …
Evaluation of an interference-free node allocation policy on fat-tree clusters | SD Pollard, N Jain, S Herbein… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … TraceR-CODES network simulator: In addition to realworld tests, we also use packet-level  network simulation capabilities provided by CODES [10] to study the impact of topology-aware  node allocations on the performance of individual jobs with different communication patterns…
Harnessing GPU tensor cores for fast FP16 arithmetic to speed up mixed-precision iterative refinement solvers | A Haidar, S Tomov, J Dongarra… - … Computing, Networking …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract-Low-precision floating-point arithmetic is a powerful tool for accelerating scientific  computing applications, especially those in artificial intelligence. Here, we present an investigation  showing that other high-performance computing (HPC) applications can also harness …
Accelerating materials development via automation, machine learning, and high-performance computing | JP Correa-Baena, K Hippalgaonkar, J van Duren… - Joule, 2018 - Elsevier | … Second, high-performance computing concentrates experimental bandwidth on promising  compounds by predicting and inferring bulk, interface, and defect-related properties. Third,  machine learning connects the former two, where experimental outputs automatically refine …
Comparison among cloud technologies and cloud performance | O Alzakholi, H Shukur, R Zebari, S Abas… - Journal of Applied …, 2020 - jastt.org | … These can be solved initially addressed by high-performance computing infrastructures such  as a pool of networking computers, clustering, or by high CPU cycle with … Also, the Survey  study of several authors uses different techniques of high performance of cloud computing. …
Supercomputer Lomonosov-2: Large scale, deep monitoring and fine analytics for the user community | VV Voevodin, AS Antonov, DA Nikitenko… - Supercomputing …, 2019 - superfri.org | … In this paper we describe the tight connection between complexity of modern large high  performance computing systems and special techniques and tools required to ensure their  efficiency in practice. The main subsystems of the developed complex (Octoshell, DiMMoN, …
Strawberry fields: A software platform for photonic quantum computing | N Killoran, J Izaac, N Quesada, V Bergholm, M Amy… - Quantum, 2019 - quantum-journal.org | … We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this  website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have  the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your …
Zero: Memory optimizations toward training trillion parameter models | S Rajbhandari, J Rasley, O Ruwase… - … International Conference …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … ZeRO eliminates memory redundancies in data- and model-parallel training while retaining  low communication volume and high computational granularity, allowing us to scale the model  size proportional to the number of devices with sustained high efficiency. Our analysis on …
Tensor comprehensions: Framework-agnostic high-performance machine learning abstractions | N Vasilache, O Zinenko, T Theodoridis, P Goyal… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … , we not only design yet another DSL and compiler but propose a more generic code  generation and optimization framework bringing together decades of research in loop nest  optimization and parallelization for high-performance computing. We also design the domain …
Data oblivious ISA extensions for side channel-resistant and high performance computing | J Yu, L Hsiung, M El Hajj, CW Fletcher - Cryptology ePrint Archive, 2018 - eprint.iacr.org | … Importantly, we achieve this result while allowing high performance hardware optimizations  (eg, out-of-order, speculative execution) to remain enabled in the common case and without  ever requiring hardware flushes to structures such as the cache or branch predictors [35], [36]…
The design, deployment, and evaluation of the CORAL pre-exascale systems | SS Vazhkudai, BR De Supinski… - … Networking, Storage …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Multinode runs of K-Means achieve an additional 1.8X speedup improvement on Summit, as  a result of its high performance EDR … the International Conference for High Performance  Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis, ser. SC ’17. New York, NY, USA: ACM, 2017, pp. …
Big data and extreme-scale computing: Pathways to convergence-toward a shaping strategy for a future software and data ecosystem for scientific inquiry | M Asch, T Moore, R Badia, M Beck… - … High Performance …, 2018 - journals.sagepub.com | … Indeed, the dramatic effects of the end of Dennard scaling on processor and system designs  were very much on the mind of the HPC leaders who gathered at the 2009 International  Conference for High-Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis (SC09) to form …
Performance evaluation of a vector supercomputer SX-Aurora TSUBASA | K Komatsu, S Momose, Y Isobe… - … Networking, Storage …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … of the peak performance on the HPCG benchmark, the SX-ACE vector system, for example,  exceeds 10%. The high memory bandwidth of vector supercomputing systems brings its  high efficiency and high sustained performance. Against such background where memory …
Parallel nonnegative cp decomposition of dense tensors | G Ballard, K Hayashi… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … With BLAS, we are able to obtain high performance and on-node parallelism. Figure 2 shows  the data layout and dimensions of a partial MTTKRP and a multi-TTV taken from the example  dimension tree in Figure 1. Figure 2a shows a partial MTTKRP between the input tensor X …
Exascale deep learning for climate analytics | T Kurth, S Treichler, J Romero… - … Networking, Storage …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … performance results from this analysis can be found in Figure 2. From the tabulated data, we  observed that the DeepLabv3+ network utilizes compute resources more efficiently than Tiramisu,  achieving a higher … of these performance inefficiencies, we made a detailed analysis of …
ProjectQ: an open source software framework for quantum computing | DS Steiger, T Häner, M Troyer - Quantum, 2018 - quantum-journal.org | … We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this  website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have  the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your …
Nvidia tensor core programmability, performance & precision | S Markidis, SW Der Chien, E Laure… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … the performance of CUTLASS, we tested different tiling techniques with different execution  configurations; we report the timing of the set-up with higher performance for a … Zounon, “The  design and performance of batched BLAS on modern high-performance computing systems,” …
HPC cloud for scientific and business applications: taxonomy, vision, and research challenges | MAS Netto, RN Calheiros, ER Rodrigues… - ACM Computing …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … High performance computing (HPC) clouds are becoming an alternative to on-premise  clusters for executing scientific applications and business … High Performance Computing (HPC)  applications tend to require more computing power than cloud services. Such computing …
QuEST and high performance simulation of quantum computers | T Jones, A Brown, I Bush, SC Benjamin - Scientific reports, 2019 - nature.com | … This paper introduced QuEST, a new high performance open source framework for  simulating universal quantum computers. We … In Proceedings of the International  Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis, SC ’17, 33:1–33:10, …
Big data service architecture: a survey | J Wang, Y Yang, T Wang, RS Sherratt… - Journal of Internet …, 2020 - jit.ndhu.edu.tw | … detailed cloud computing service system based on big data, which provides high performance  solutions for large-scale data storage, processing and analysis. Finally… Scheduling in Storm,  Proceedings of the 7th ACM international conference on Distributed event-based systems …
Interactive supercomputing on 40,000 cores for machine learning and data analysis | A Reuther, J Kepner, C Byun, S Samsi… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Interactive massively parallel computations are critical for machine learning and data analysis.  These computations are a staple of the MIT Lincoln Laboratory Supercomputing Center  (LLSC) and has required the LLSC to develop unique interactive supercomputing capabilities. …
Mobility changes in response to COVID-19 | MS Warren, SW Skillman - arXiv preprint arXiv:2003.14228, 2020 - arxiv.org | … In this work, we analyze a commercially available mobile device location dataset using  cloud computing resources. We heavily leverage … In SC ’13: Proceedings of the International  Conference on High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis, pages 1–12, …
Toward modeling and optimization of features selection in Big Data based social Internet of Things | A Ahmad, M Khan, A Paul, S Din, MM Rathore… - … Generation Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … additional challenges, where a selection of appropriate features and High-Performance  Computing (HPC) solution has become a key issue … These operations give us high-speed data  shuffles path since read and write have high throughput on Lustre systems. Though, the time …
Photonic switching in high performance datacenters | Q Cheng, S Rumley, M Bahadori, K Bergman - Optics express, 2018 - osapublishing.org | … Photonic switches are increasingly considered for insertion in high performance datacenter  architectures to meet the growing performance demands of interconnection networks.  We provide an overview of photonic switching technologies and develop an evaluation …
The future of scientific workflows | E Deelman, T Peterka, I Altintas… - … High Performance …, 2018 - journals.sagepub.com | … information over the memory/storage hierarchy and network of a high-performance computing  (HPC) supercomputing … international conference on high performance computing and  communications & 2013 IEEE international conference on embedded and ubiquitous computing…
Avfi: Fault injection for autonomous vehicles | S Jha, SS Banerjee, J Cyriac… - … ieee/ifip international …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … studies of AVs in the real world [1]. Our findings reiterate the need for experimentation and  analysis of failure models and modes for AVs. … between the generation of output from the  agent’s neural network and its actuation in the world model (ie, using AVFI’s timing fault injector). …
Qulacs: a fast and versatile quantum circuit simulator for research purpose | Y Suzuki, Y Kawase, Y Masumura, Y Hiraga… - Quantum, 2021 - quantum-journal.org | … We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this  website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have  the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your …
Modeling soft-error propagation in programs | G Li, K Pattabiraman, SKS Hari… - … /IFIP International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we use the LLVM compiler [17] to perform our program analysis and FI  experiments and to implement our model. Our choice of LLVM is motivated by three reasons.  First, LLVM uses a typed intermediate representation (IR) that can easily represent source-level …
Substream-centric maximum matchings on fpga | M Besta, M Fischer, T Ben-Nun, D Stanojevic… - ACM Transactions on …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … We use this analysis to provide theoretical underpinning that matches the physical  constraints of FPGA platforms. Our algorithm delivers high performance (more than 4× speedup  over tuned parallel CPU variants), low memory, high accuracy, and effective usage of FPGA …
Government affairs service platform for smart city | Z Lv, X Li, W Wang, B Zhang, J Hu, S Feng - Future Generation Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … world through the computer network. At the stage of a smart city, the main resources are used  in making the urban information network to achieve automatic monitoring, information collection,  analysis … research on high performance computing, grid computing, and bioinformatics. …
System evaluation of the intel optane byte-addressable nvm | IB Peng, MB Gokhale, EW Green - … of the International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Finally, we derive the arch-line of energy efficiency [4] in Figure 17c to study the impact of  traffic distribution on energy efficiency. The results again diverge at arithmetic intensity 21,  where distributing 10% or 90% traffic to NVM brings higher efficiency than other distributions in …
A differentiable programming system to bridge machine learning and scientific computing | M Innes, A Edelman, K Fischer, C Rackauckas… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | Scientific computing is increasingly incorporating the advancements in machine learning and  the ability to work with large amounts of data. At the same time, machine learning models  are becoming increasingly sophisticated and exhibit many features often seen in scientific …
A comparison of ARIMA and LSTM in forecasting time series | S Siami-Namini, N Tavakoli… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … network library, and Theano, a numerical computation library, both for Python. The experiments  were executed on a cluster of high performance computing … To implement the algorithm,  Keras library along with Theano were installed on a cluster of high performance computing …
Crack damage detection in unmanned aerial vehicle images of civil infrastructure using pre-trained deep learning model | K Gopalakrishnan, H Gholami… - Int. J. Traffic Transp …, 2018 - researchgate.net | … However, the large number of hidden neurons and layers used in DNNs result in  computationally-intensive matrix and vector computations involving millions of parameters, requiring  the use of high-performance computing systems. Also, it is practically impossible to get labeled “…
Implementation of cloud service models in training of future information technology specialists | O Markova, S Semerikov, A Striuk, H Shalatska… - 2019 - ds.knu.edu.ua | … , which serve as the foundation for high performance computing, which, in turn, are the basis  … high-performance computing systems are traditionally used to solve modeling problems,  which are one of the cornerstones of computer science in general and mathematical computer …
Green cloud computing using proactive virtual machine placement: challenges and issues | M Masdari, M Zangakani - Journal of Grid Computing, 2020 - Springer | … & Is this study analyzed as it should be? If this study fulfills the evaluation criteria, … , it  requires the migrating processor state, memory content, local storage, and network state. Live  migration approaches regarding the data transformed order can be classified into pre-copy, post-…
Efficient parallel implementations of sparse triangular solves for GPU architectures | R Li, C Zhang - … of the 2020 SIAM Conference on Parallel Processing …, 2020 - SIAM | … 5.3 Analysis phases All the parallel SpTrSV algorithms discussed in this paper require an  analysis phase to computes the levels of the unknowns … We refer to [24] for the performance  of the analysis phase running on GPUs and its cost relative to the overall cost of the iterations. …
Pytorch: An imperative style, high-performance deep learning library | A Paszke, S Gross, F Massa, A Lerer… - Advances in neural …, 2019 - papers.nips.cc | … Despite being closely integrated in the Python ecosystem, most of PyTorch is written in C++  to achieve high performance. This core libtorch library implements the tensor data structure,  the GPU and CPU operators, and basic parallel primitives. It also provides the automatic …
Challenges of blockchain technology adoption for e-government: a systematic literature review | FR Batubara, J Ubacht, M Janssen - … Annual International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In this article, we analyze the state of the art in blockchain adoption in the public sector by  performing a … 18th International Conference on High Performance Computing and  Communications; IEEE 14th International Conference on Smart City; IEEE 2nd International …
SUSU supercomputer resources for industry and fundamental science | P Kostenetskiy, P Semenikhina - … Smart Industry Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Computing cluster "SKIF Ural" The high-performance computing cluster "SKIF Ural" was  developed by T-Platforms for SUSU within the … To connect the storage system to the InfiniBand  QDR cluster network, there are three InfiniBand routers Panasas, which routes packets …
Simulation of quantum circuits by low-rank stabilizer decompositions | S Bravyi, D Browne, P Calpin, E Campbell… - Quantum, 2019 - quantum-journal.org | … We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this  website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have  the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your …
Optimizing {CNN} model inference on cpus | Y Liu, Y Wang, R Yu, M Li, V Sharma… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … inference is essentially executing a computation graph consisting of operations. In practice,  people normally use highperformance kernel libraries (eg Intel MKL-DNN [27] and OpenBlas  [51]) to obtain high performance for CNN operations. While these libraries tune very …
Industrial internet of things: Recent advances, enabling technologies and open challenges | WZ Khan, MH Rehman, HM Zangoti, MK Afzal… - Computers & Electrical …, 2020 - Elsevier | … Cloud computing The massive growth of data in IIoT requires highly distributed high  performance computing systems in order to manage, process, analyze, and store the data. Cloud  computing technologies provide compute, network, and storage services across all the facilities …
A survey on distributed machine learning | J Verbraeken, M Wolting, J Katzy… - ACM Computing …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Section 2 provides an in-depth discussion of the system challenges of machine learning  and how ideas from High Performance Computing (HPC) have been adopted for acceleration  and increased scalability. Section 3 describes a reference architecture for distributed machine …
Performance analysis and application of mobile blockchain | K Suankaewmanee, DT Hoang… - 2018 international …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this section, we analyze memory utilization according to the number of blocks in the chain  and the mining process performance. As shown in Fig. 2, the mining process has five steps…  Thus, only the chain verification and the Proof-of-Work processes are analyzed in this section. …
Prioritized task scheduling in fog computing | T Choudhari, M Moh, TS Moh - … of the ACMSE 2018 Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Cloud computing has a strong foothold in the technology world as it provides numerous  useful services to end users. Cloud computing, based heavily on … This paper is a continuation  of our research on cloud and fog computing, and 5G networks [13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19]. …
Scalable gradients for stochastic differential equations | X Li, TKL Wong, RTQ Chen… - International …, 2020 - proceedings.mlr.press | The adjoint sensitivity method scalably computes gradients of solutions to ordinary differential  equations. We generalize this method to stochastic differential equations, allowing  time-efficient and constant-memory computation of gradients with high-order adaptive solvers. …
GraphP: Reducing communication for PIM-based graph processing with efficient data partition | M Zhang, Y Zhuo, C Wang, M Gao, Y Wu… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, Dragonfly is still not fully symmetric, which means that the bandwidth of certain  critical cross-cube links may sustain much higher throughput than the others, becoming  bottlenecks that further hampering TESSERACT’s performance. Our investigation shows that this …
Coupling resource management based on fog computing in smart city systems | T Wang, Y Liang, W Jia, M Arif, A Liu, M Xie - … of Network and Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … With the integration of CPS and cloud computing, sensor-cloud system becomes popular in  many fields where the physical nodes can be shared with multiple users, which can achieve  high performance computing. However, when a physical sensor node receives multiple …
An energy efficient IoT data compression approach for edge machine learning | J Azar, A Makhoul, M Barhamgi, R Couturier - Future Generation Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … The authors in [19] proposed a fast error-bounded lossy compression scheme namely SZ  for High Performance Computing (HPC) applications. This compression scheme has been  proposed to deal with the huge amounts of data generated during the execution of HPC …
Optimization of live virtual machine migration in cloud computing: A survey and future directions | M Noshy, A Ibrahim, HA Ali - Journal of Network and Computer Applications, 2018 - Elsevier | … In the growing age of cloud computing, shared computing and storage resources can be  accessed over the Internet. Conversely, the … Virtualization technology allows running multiple  operating systems (OSs) on a single physical machine with high performance. Each OS …
An extended Intelligent Water Drops algorithm for workflow scheduling in cloud computing environment | S Elsherbiny, E Eldaydamony, M Alrahmawy… - Egyptian informatics …, 2018 - Elsevier | … computing is emerging as a high performance computing environment with a large scale,  heterogeneous collection of autonomous systems and flexible computational … 2011 international  conference for high performance computing, networking, storage and analysis, ACM; 2011. …
A study of BFLOAT16 for deep learning training | D Kalamkar, D Mudigere, N Mellempudi, D Das… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … Anatomy of high-performance deep learning convolutions on simd architectures. In  Proceedings of the International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking,  Storage, and Analysis, SC ’18, pages 66:1–66:12, Piscataway, NJ, USA, 2018. IEEE Press. …
Real-time big data stream processing using GPU with spark over hadoop ecosystem | MM Rathore, H Son, A Ahmad, A Paul… - International Journal of …, 2018 - Springer | … To the best of our knowledge, a framework for high-performance computing application is …  that throughput requires a significant number of inputs size to achieve high performance. …  algebra are deeply optimized so that to achieve high performance on the following attributes, ie, …
An IoT-based task scheduling optimization scheme considering the deadline and cost-aware scientific workflow for cloud computing | X Ma, H Gao, H Xu, M Bian - … Networking, 2019 - jwcn-eurasipjournals.springeropen … | … on high-performance computing and distributed storage. In particular, the IoT, which depends  on a reliable computing environment, has … The Cybershake demands high performance  computing and has an I/O intensive characteristic. A simplified structure of each workflow is …
Blockchain and smart contract for digital certificate | JC Cheng, NY Lee, C Chi… - … international conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | According to the Taiwan Ministry of Education statistics, about one million graduates each  year, some of them will go to countries, high schools or tertiary institutions to continue to attend,  and some will be ready to enter the workplace employment. During the course of study, the …
Training deep neural networks with 8-bit floating point numbers | N Wang, J Choi, D Brand, CY Chen… - … the 32nd International …, 2018 - papers.nips.cc | … “swamping” [10]) is known in the area of high performance computing [17], which focuses  on numerical accuracy of high precision 32/64-bit floating point computations. However, in the  context of deep neural networks, we find that the swamping is particularly serious when the …
The design and operation of CloudLab | D Duplyakin, R Ricci, A Maricq, G Wong… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … If CloudLab is to “fill in” lightly-loaded periods, it will need to adopt backfill strategies [11,  23] that enable use by work that is easier to shift in time, such as the queueing systems used  by high performance and high throughput computing. Like the number of active users, the …
An improved Lévy based whale optimization algorithm for bandwidth-efficient virtual machine placement in cloud computing environment | M Abdel-Basset, L Abdle-Fatah, AK Sangaiah - Cluster Computing, 2019 - Springer | … service providers including processing, storage, servers, networks and other computing  resources. Besides SaaS … computing environments and the CloudSim toolkit: challenges and  opportunities. In: Proceedings of the International Conference on High Performance Computing …
Machine learning in agriculture: A review | KG Liakos, P Busato, D Moshou, S Pearson, D Bochtis - Sensors, 2018 - mdpi.com | … Machine learning has emerged with big data technologies and high-performance  computing to create new opportunities for data intensive science in the multi-disciplinary agri-technologies  domain. In this paper, we present a comprehensive review of research dedicated to …
Dnnbuilder: an automated tool for building high-performance dnn hardware accelerators for fpgas | X Zhang, J Wang, C Zhu, Y Lin, J Xiong… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , and highly optimized RTL network layers with arbitrary quantizations to deliver high  throughput, low latency, and desired … with highperformance and controllable resource overhead.  As basic building blocks, these high-quality RTL IPs fundamentally ensure the highperformance …
A manifesto for future generation cloud computing: Research directions for the next decade | R Buyya, SN Srirama, G Casale, R Calheiros… - ACM computing …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … of scalable global enterprise applications, (3) better cost-to-value associativity for scientific  and high-performance computing applications, … CDC deployments until recently have mainly  focused on high performance and have not paid enough attention to energy consumption. …
Redundant loads: A software inefficiency indicator | P Su, S Wen, H Yang, M Chabbi… - … International Conference …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, compilers’ static analysis often misses optimization opportunities due to ambiguities  and limited analysis scope; automatic … performance of all programs in execution time except  Hoard in throughput. In the rest of this section, we exhaustively analyze the performance …
Demystifying parallel and distributed deep learning: An in-depth concurrency analysis | T Ben-Nun, T Hoefler - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Training a DNN to competitive accuracy today essentially requires a high-performance  computing cluster. … high bandwidth but InfiniBand has significantly lower latencies and higher  message rates. Special-purpose HPC interconnection networks can achieve higher performance …
Serverless execution of scientific workflows: Experiments with hyperflow, aws lambda and google cloud functions | M Malawski, A Gajek, A Zima, B Balis… - … Generation Computer …, 2020 - Elsevier | … Finally, we perform a cost analysis and discuss implications with regard to resource  management for scientific applications in general. … suitable for large-scale HPC applications,  but can be useful for high-throughput computing workflows consisting of many fine-grained tasks. …
Reliability and high availability in cloud computing environments: a reference roadmap | MR Mesbahi, AM Rahmani… - Human-centric Computing …, 2018 - Springer | … high-performance computing (HPC) and high-throughput computing (HTC) applications [59].  It is required to provide a massively parallel infrastructure for running High-performance  computing … In: IEEE 7th international conference on cloud computing technology and science (…
Differentiable soft quantization: Bridging full-precision and low-bit neural networks | R Gong, X Liu, S Jiang, T Li, P Hu… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | Hardware-friendly network quantization (eg, binary/uniform quantization) can efficiently  accelerate the inference and meanwhile reduce memory consumption of the deep neural  networks, which is crucial for model deployment on resource-limited devices like mobile phones. …
Deep graph library: A graph-centric, highly-performant package for graph neural networks | M Wang, D Zheng, Z Ye, Q Gan, M Li, X Song… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … Modern hardware like GPUs and TPUs utilizes large-scale multi-threading to achieve high  throughput while hiding memory access latency. … In SC’14: Proceedings of the International  Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis, pp. 781–792. …
Cmsis-nn: Efficient neural network kernels for arm cortex-m cpus | L Lai, N Suda, V Chandra - arXiv preprint arXiv:1801.06601, 2018 - arxiv.org | Deep Neural Networks are becoming increasingly popular in always-on IoT edge devices  performing data analytics right at the source, reducing latency as well as energy consumption  for data communication. This paper presents CMSIS-NN, efficient kernels developed to …
High-performance embedded computing in space: Evaluation of platforms for vision-based navigation | G Lentaris, K Maragos, I Stratakos… - Journal of Aerospace …, 2018 - arc.aiaa.org | … high-performance embedded computers for space, in this paper, an extended study and  tradeoff analysis of a diverse set of computing … The present analysis combines literature  survey and in-house development/testing to derive a sizable consistent picture of all possible …
A survey on deep learning for big data | Q Zhang, LT Yang, Z Chen, P Li - Information Fusion, 2018 - Elsevier | … Compare with DistBelief that needs 16 thousand CPU cores to train a large deep learning  model with 10 million images and billion parameters, the commodity off-the-shelf high performance  computing system achieved almost training efficiency (eg, about 3 days) for training the …
Tiramisu: A polyhedral compiler for expressing fast and portable code | R Baghdadi, J Ray, MB Romdhane… - … /ACM International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—This paper introduces TIRAMISU, a polyhedral framework designed to generate  high performance code for multiple platforms including multicores, GPUs, and distributed  machines. TIRAMISU introduces a scheduling language with novel commands to explicitly …
SMART TSS: Defining transportation system behavior using big data analytics in smart cities | M Gohar, M Muzammal, AU Rahman - Sustainable cities and society, 2018 - Elsevier | … smart transportation, thus, the system is evaluated on efficiency regarding throughput (in  megabytes/sec Mbps) and the response time (in milliseconds). While analyzing the efficiency  results regarding throughput, we compare our proposed scheme with the existing scheme (…
A survey of blockchain: Techniques, applications, and challenges | W Gao, WG Hatcher, W Yu - 2018 27th international conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 1, we consider a high-level representation of the blockchain framework, subdivided into  the network layer, data layer, and application layer… with current database systems in high-workload  scenarios. Considering these results, we can analyze the applicability of blockchain …
Fog computing for Healthcare 4.0 environment: Opportunities and challenges | A Kumari, S Tanwar, S Tyagi, N Kumar - Computers & Electrical …, 2018 - Elsevier | … This layer is equipped with various low-power and high-performance computing nodes called  FNs. Each FN is connected to a local group … task is to perform the data-processing locally.  Another task is to store data and perform computing on it through MDs with low performance. …
5G next generation VANETs using SDN and fog computing framework | AA Khan, M Abolhasan, W Ni - … & Networking Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … expected to be heterogeneous in terms of resources and network topology. LTE systems  offer the benefits of large coverage, high throughput and low latency [14]. However, due to high  vehicle mobility and dynamic network topology, it is relatively challenging to provide satisfied …
Emerging trends, issues and challenges in Internet of Things, Big Data and cloud computing | A Kobusińska, C Leung, CH Hsu… - … Generation computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … She is also author and co-author of many publications in high quality peer reviewed international  conferences and journals. She … includes high performance computing, cloud computing,  parallel and distributed systems, big data analytics, ubiquitous/pervasive computing and …
Design flow of accelerating hybrid extremely low bit-width neural network in embedded FPGA | J Wang, Q Lou, X Zhang, C Zhu, Y Lin… - … 28th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We present the proposed flow by supporting hybrid ELB settings within a neural network.  Results show that our design can deliver very high performance peaking at 10.3 TOPS and  classify up to 325.3 image/s/watt while running large-scale neural networks for less than 5W …
pipsCloud: High performance cloud computing for remote sensing big data management and processing | L Wang, Y Ma, J Yan, V Chang, AY Zomaya - Future Generation Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … based high-performance computing (… high performance cloud system for data-intensive  RS data processing. In Section 4, we explain the design and implementation of pipsCloud from  a system-level perspective. In Section 5, we describe the experimental validation and analysis …
Deep neural network approximation for custom hardware: Where we've been, where we're going | E Wang, JJ Davis, R Zhao, HC Ng, X Niu… - ACM Computing …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … , including social media and the Internet of Things, is driving the demand for highperformance  data analysis. Compared to other machine-learning algorithms, deep neural networks (DNNs)  have achieved dramatic accuracy improvements over the past decade. They have now …
Parties: Qos-aware resource partitioning for multiple interactive services | S Chen, C Delimitrou, JF Martínez - … -Fourth International Conference on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We denote the RPS at the knee in each case as max load, which is the maximum throughput  the machine can sustain while meeting QoS. … LLC, and then focus on storage-related  resources, including memory and disk. We do not study network bandwidth in depth since, unlike …
Near-global climate simulation at 1 km resolution: establishing a performance baseline on 4888 GPUs with COSMO 5.0 | O Fuhrer, T Chadha, T Hoefler… - Geoscientific Model …, 2018 - gmd.copernicus.org | … high-performance computing (HPC) system have shifted the focus from peak floating point  performance towards improving power efficiency, it is not clear what the right efficiency … this  award is to reward high performance achieved in the context of a realistic computation. A direct …
Joint service caching and task offloading for mobile edge computing in dense networks | J Xu, L Chen, P Zhou - … 2018-IEEE Conference on Computer …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 2) Computation delay cost: To quantify the overall network performance, we introduce the  notion of delay cost capturing the delay-induced revenue loss and/or user dis-satisfaction. The  average computation delay for tasks processed by BS n can be computed by modeling the …
Biphase adaptive learning-based neural network model for cloud datacenter workload forecasting | J Kumar, D Saxena, AK Singh, A Mohan - Soft Computing, 2020 - Springer | … performance prediction for runtime parallelization and task scheduling. In: 2009 IEEE  international symposium on performance analysis of systems and software, pp 89–100 … In: 2012  SC companion: high performance computing, networking storage and analysis. IEEE, pp 64–72 …
Internet of Things is a revolutionary approach for future technology enhancement: a review | S Kumar, P Tiwari, M Zymbler - Journal of Big …, 2019 - journalofbigdata.springeropen.com | … 2015 7th international conference on ubiquitous and future networks, Sapporo, Japan, 7–10  July 2015. IEEE. … international conference on high performance computing and communications;  IEEE 14th international conference on smart city; IEEE 2nd international conference on …
Blockchain technology: A survey on applications and security privacy challenges | BK Mohanta, D Jena, SS Panda, S Sobhanayak - Internet of Things, 2019 - Elsevier | … The performance analysis clearly indicates that the network latency is the dominant factor. …  most competitive computing infrastructures in an IoT network. By creating a distributed cloud  infrastructure, the proposed model enables cost-effective high-performance computing. The …
An empirical guide to the behavior and use of scalable persistent memory | J Yang, J Kim, M Hoseinzadeh, J Izraelevitz… - … Conference on File and …, 2020 - usenix.org | … SCMFS: A file system for storage class memory. In Proceedings of 2011 International  Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis, SC ’11, pages  39:1–39:11, New York, NY, USA, 2011. ACM. [53] Jian Xu, Juno Kim, Amirsaman Memaripour, …
A comparative study of containers and virtual machines in big data environment | Q Zhang, L Liu, C Pu, Q Dou, L Wu… - … IEEE 11th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Third, we analyze the reasons why containers and VMs can have different impacts on the  big data workloads. In order to have a deeper understanding, we collected and … Workload  adaptive shared memory management for high performance network i/o in virtualized cloud. …
Wireless sensor network connectivity in heterogeneous 5G mobile systems | S Piltyay, A Bulashenko… - … International Conference …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Three algorithms for cluster analysis of the wireless sensor networks have been suggested in  the research. … Therefore, the purpose of the study is to analyze the parameters that influence  the … After receiving the results of the analysis it is possible to adjust the selected metrics and …
A general approach to adding differential privacy to iterative training procedures | HB McMahan, G Andrew, U Erlingsson, S Chien… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … We describe a general approach to allocating a privacy budget across each of these queries  and analyzing the privacy cost of the complete … In Proceedings of 2011 International  Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis, page 16. ACM, …
The architectural implications of facebook's dnn-based personalized recommendation | U Gupta, CJ Wu, X Wang, M Naumov… - … High Performance …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Together with the detailed performance analysis performed in this paper, the open-source  implementations can be used to further understand the compute requirements, storage  capacity, and memory access patterns, enabling optimization and innovation for at-scale …
Intrusion detection model using machine learning algorithm on Big Data environment | SM Othman, FM Ba-Alwi… - … of Big Data, 2018 - journalofbigdata.springeropen.com | … with high performance, high speed and a low of false positive alarms rate. The main objective  of this paper is to improve the performance … In: 7th IEEE International conference on  electronics information and emergency communication (ICEIEC), 2017 . Piscataway: IEEE; 2017. …
SoK: The challenges, pitfalls, and perils of using hardware performance counters for security | S Das, J Werner, M Antonakakis… - … IEEE Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … performance analysis and optimizations, high performance computing and OS support do  not recommend using HPCs. The main stated reasons for dismissing HPCs are the lack of  determinism in performance … performance counters in International Conference on Computer-…
A new approach for arrhythmia classification using deep coded features and LSTM networks | O Yildirim, UB Baloglu, RS Tan, EJ Ciaccio… - Computer methods and …, 2019 - Elsevier | … High performance classification of arrhythmia types with LSTM and CAE-LSTM … networks for  data analysis. Thus, a novel and effective approach was proposed for both ECG signal  compression, and their high-performance automatic recognition, with very low computational cost. …
HipMCL: a high-performance parallel implementation of the Markov clustering algorithm for large-scale networks | A Azad, GA Pavlopoulos, CA Ouzounis… - Nucleic acids …, 2018 - academic.oup.com | … To our knowledge, HipMCL is the first graph-based algorithm that can cluster massive  networks efficiently using high performance computing and this indeed represents the main  novelty of our work. Overall, the HipMCL implementation presented herein is expected to enable …
Understanding reuse, performance, and hardware cost of dnn dataflow: A data-centric approach | H Kwon, P Chatarasi, M Pellauer, A Parashar… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … DNN accelerators achieve high performance by exploiting parallelism over hundreds of  processing elements (PEs) and high energy efficiency by maximizing data reuse within PEs  and on-chip scratchpads [1, 9, 11, 19, 31, 38]. For a specific DNN workload and a hardware …
Fog computing architectures, privacy and security solutions | S Mostafavi, W Shafik - … Technology, Electronics and Computer …, 2019 - ojs.jctecs.com | … The evolution of IoTs has amplified the high performance of embedded systems that can  be utilized in locally and over the wider platform … 2.1.1 Jungle Computing Jungle computing  form of high-performance computing that allocates computational tasks across clusters with …
Internet of things in smart grid: Architecture, applications, services, key technologies, and challenges | A Ghasempour - Inventions, 2019 - mdpi.com | Internet of Things (IoT) is a connection of people and things at any time, in any place, with  anyone and anything, using any network and any service. Thus, IoT is a huge dynamic  global network infrastructure of Internet-enabled entities with web services. One of the most …
Ensuring privacy and security in e-health records | J Vora, P Italiya, S Tanwar, S Tyagi… - 2018 International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … These ICT tasks are managed and carried out by standard protocols and highperformance  algorithms[2]. The organization for economic cooperative and development has revised  some of their rule due to increment of latest facts. Here, importance of the privacy risks is …
Graph processing on GPUs: A survey | X Shi, Z Zheng, Y Zhou, H Jin, L He, B Liu… - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … With the development of the computation power of GPU, GPGPUs emerged, which are not  only for graphic shading, but also for high performance computing (HPC). Examples include  the NVIDIA’s Fermi, Kepler, Maxwell, and Pascal. Fermi was introduced in 2006, which is the …
In-situ ai: Towards autonomous and incremental deep learning for iot systems | M Song, K Zhong, J Zhang, Y Hu, D Liu… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Each PE keeps performing calculation for its corresponding output neuron by multiplying  the input neuron with kernel weight and accumulating the partial result, till all the computations  for this output neuron are accomplished. It takes K×K clock cycles to complete Tr ×Tc output …
Attentionxml: Label tree-based attention-aware deep model for high-performance extreme multi-label text classification | R You, Z Zhang, Z Wang, S Dai, H Mamitsuka… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … We empirically compared the performance of AttentionXML with those of eight state-of-the-art  methods over six benchmark datasets, … In Proceedings of the 20th ACM SIGKDD international  conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining, pages 263–272. ACM, 2014. …
A survey of fault tolerance in cloud computing | P Kumari, P Kaur - Journal of King Saud University-Computer and …, 2021 - Elsevier | … Workflow scheduling: - The cloud system is widely used by researchers and scientists for  the implementation of scientific workflows that perform data analysis and high throughput  computing. Workflows enable easy definition of computational component, data and their …
Devito (v3. 1.0): an embedded domain-specific language for finite differences and geophysical exploration | M Louboutin, M Lange, F Luporini… - Geoscientific Model …, 2019 - gmd.copernicus.org | We introduce Devito, a new domain-specific language for implementing high-performance  finite-difference partial differential equation solvers. The motivating application is exploration  seismology for which methods such as full-waveform inversion and reverse-time migration …
Fog computing and the internet of things: A review | HF Atlam, RJ Walters, GB Wills - big data and cognitive computing, 2018 - mdpi.com | … Selecting the appropriate communication between the fog and cloud that ensures high  performance and low latency of fog nodes is a key … In Proceedings of the 2017 IEEE  International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture, Vosendorf, Austria, 24–28 …
The marabou framework for verification and analysis of deep neural networks | G Katz, DA Huang, D Ibeling, K Julian… - International Conference …, 2019 - Springer | Deep neural networks are revolutionizing the way complex systems are designed. Consequently,  there is a pressing need for tools and techniques for network analysis and certification. To  help in addressing that need, we present Marabou, a framework for verifying deep neural …
A survey on power system blackout and cascading events: Research motivations and challenges | H Haes Alhelou, ME Hamedani-Golshan, TC Njenda… - Energies, 2019 - mdpi.com | … 150.Parmer, C.; Cotilla-Sanchez, E.; Thornquist, HK; Hines, PD Developing a dynamic  model of cascading failure for high performance computing using trilinos. In Proceedings of the  First International Workshop on High Performance Computing, Networking and Analytics for …
MDAnalysis: a Python package for the rapid analysis of molecular dynamics simulations | RJ Gowers, M Linke, J Barnoud, TJE Reddy, MN Melo… - 2019 - osti.gov | … In section Analysis Module, we describe the analysis code that is included as modules with  MDAnalysis. … In the MDAnalysis.analysis module we provide a large variety of standard  analysis algorithms, like RMSD (root mean square distance) and RMSF (root mean square …
The role of big data analytics in industrial Internet of Things | MH ur Rehman, I Yaqoob, K Salah, M Imran… - … Generation Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … Despite its high performance, SnappyData still underperforms in cases with highly streaming  data, which causes a bottleneck in real-time … –Indexed journals and conferences. He has  served as a technical program committee member for various international conferences. He has…
Emerging trends in geospatial artificial intelligence (geoAI): potential applications for environmental epidemiology | T VoPham, JE Hart, F Laden… - Environmental …, 2018 - ehjournal.biomedcentral.com | … other scientific communities including the International Symposium on Spatial and … analyses  facilitated by high-performance computing (eg, querying big data stored on a distributed data  infrastructure through cloud computing platforms such as Amazon Web Services for analysis…
A novel big data analytics framework for smart cities | AMS Osman - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … It is a high performance scalable, distributed, fault-tolerant and reliable data storage.  HDFS is designed to span large clusters of commodity servers and manage large volumes  data files. HDFS allows file creation, write once, read many and remove operations. …
Internet of Things security: a survey | MAM Sadeeq, SRM Zeebaree, R Qashi… - 2018 International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Yi, H., et al, [13], in this work an effectual scheme is proposed depending on side channel  analysis of Unbalanced Oil and Vinegar (UOV) with a security level of more than 80 bits.  The Xilinx ISE software is used with Verilog-HDL code on Sakura-G FPGA board for UOV …
Transformers are rnns: Fast autoregressive transformers with linear attention | A Katharopoulos, A Vyas, N Pappas… - International …, 2020 - proceedings.mlr.press | … analyze experimentally the performance of the proposed linear transformer. Initially, in § 4.1,  we evaluate the linearized attention in terms of computational … Our model achieves more  than 4,000 times higher throughput and generates 17.85 images/second. For details see § 4.2.. …
Beyond Data and Model Parallelism for Deep Neural Networks. | Z Jia, M Zaharia, A Aiken - Proceedings of Machine Learning …, 2019 - proceedings.mlsys.org | … The execution simulator achieves high accuracy for predicting parallelization performance.  We evaluate the simulator with six real-world DNNs on two different GPU clusters and show  that, for all the measured executions, the relative difference between the real and simulated …
Big data hurdles in precision medicine and precision public health | M Prosperi, JS Min, J Bian, F Modave - BMC medical informatics and …, 2018 - Springer | … Additionally, complex algorithms supported by high-performance computing allow one to  transform these large datasets into knowledge. Despite such progress, many barriers still exist  against achieving precision medicine and precision public health interventions for the benefit …
Dd-ppo: Learning near-perfect pointgoal navigators from 2.5 billion frames | E Wijmans, A Kadian, A Morcos, S Lee, I Essa… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … While this not a limitation for small networks and low dimensional inputs, our agents take  high dimensional inputs (eg a Depth sensor) and utilize large neural networks (ResNet50),  thereby requiring considerable computation to compute gradients. In contrast, DD-PPO has no …
Evaluation of bidirectional LSTM for short-and long-term stock market prediction | KA Althelaya, ESM El-Alfy… - … international conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … network are 0.076 and 0.090, respectively. We can see that both LSTM networks show high  performance for predicting short-term and long-term prices. BLSTM networks produce higher  performance and better convergence for short-term prediction and the difference gets much …
Classification of diabetes mellitus disease (DMD): a data mining (DM) approach | H Das, B Naik, HS Behera - … in computing, analytics and networking, 2018 - Springer | … And Third, gestational diabetes, which occurs at the time of pregnancy of a women without a  prior history of diabetes suddenly increases high blood-sugar levels. Advancement in the field  of computer science and high-performance computing has benefited almost all disciplines …
Monitoring self-adaptive applications within edge computing frameworks: A state-of-the-art review | S Taherizadeh, AC Jones, I Taylor, Z Zhao… - Journal of Systems and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … adapt their services to the IoT device and customer's network circumstances to provide high  performance and a seamless experience. … in a high-performance computing cluster and  display them as a series of graphs in a Web interface, it has a drawback for edge computing as it …
Medical image analysis using convolutional neural networks: a review | SM Anwar, M Majid, A Qayyum, M Awais… - Journal of medical …, 2018 - Springer | … medical domain, it seems that convolutional networks will play a crucial role in the  development of future medical image analysis systems. Deep convolutional neural networks have  proven to give high performance in medical image analysis domain when compared with other …
Blockchain for 5G-enabled IoT for industrial automation: A systematic review, solutions, and challenges | I Mistry, S Tanwar, S Tyagi, N Kumar - Mechanical Systems and Signal …, 2020 - Elsevier | … The advantages of the current online content delivery medium include high availability, cost  effectiveness, and higher performance. Due to these reasons, cloud-based Content Delivery  Networks (CDNs) are generally preferred over the traditional CDNs, owing to their lower …
Optimizing long short-term memory recurrent neural networks using ant colony optimization to predict turbine engine vibration | AER ElSaid, F El Jamiy, J Higgins, B Wild… - Applied Soft Computing, 2018 - Elsevier | … Aaron Bergstrom of the University of North Dakota’s Computational Research Center (CRC).  This work used the high performance computing clusters at the CRC, where Mr. Bergstrom (the  North Dakota University System HPC Specialist, UND Big Data Project Coordinator, and …
QoS prediction for service recommendations in mobile edge computing | S Wang, Y Zhao, L Huang, J Xu, CH Hsu - … and Distributed Computing, 2019 - Elsevier | … He has co-authored more than 100 papers, and played a key role at many international  conferences and workshops, such as General Chair … international journal on Grid and High  Performance Computing and has served on the editorial board for approximately 20 international …
Distributed computer-aided engineering: For analysis, design, and visualization | H Adeli, S Kumar - 2020 - taylorfrancis.com | … cost-effective environment for high-performance computing. However, workstations often …  network (LAN) such as ethemet. Thus, to effectively harness the parallel processing or distributed  computing capabilities of workstations we need to de velop new algorithms with a higher …
High-performance medicine: the convergence of human and artificial intelligence | EJ Topol - Nature medicine, 2019 - nature.com | The use of artificial intelligence, and the deep-learning subtype in particular, has been enabled  by the use of labeled big data, along with markedly enhanced computing power and cloud  storage, across all sectors. In medicine, this is beginning to have an impact at three levels: …
Be your own teacher: Improve the performance of convolutional neural networks via self distillation | L Zhang, J Song, A Gao, J Chen… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Here we focus on the accuracy boost of each method when the student models have the  same computation and storage amount. From Table 3, we make the following observations: (i)  All the performance of distillation methods outperforms the directly trained student networks. (ii…
Ten questions on urban building energy modeling | T Hong, Y Chen, X Luo, N Luo, SH Lee - Building and Environment, 2020 - Elsevier | … a seamless automatic workflow with cloud or high-performance computing for users including  urban planners, designers and researchers. … Virtual EPB Automatic building energy model  creation leveraging machine learning simulation using high performance computing ORNL …
Serverless computing: An investigation of factors influencing microservice performance | W Lloyd, S Ramesh, S Chinthalapati… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this study, we report our investigations on the performance implications of microservice  hosting using Serverless Computing Infrastructure. Specifically, we profile microservice hosting  and analyze implications of infrastructure elasticity, load balancing, provisioning variation, …
Evaluation of production serverless computing environments | H Lee, K Satyam, G Fox - … IEEE 11th International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Regarding the charge interval of leased VMs, many cloud providers have applied a persecond  basis like serverless computing with some exceptions. Therefore, the particular workload  would be deployed on VMs if it requires high performance compute resources for a short …
A study of complex deep learning networks on high-performance, neuromorphic, and quantum computers | TE Potok, C Schuman, S Young, R Patton… - … in Computing Systems …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … The high performance computer we are using is the ORNL’s Titan computer with roughly  300,000 cores and 18,000 GPUs. This is currently the fastest open science computer in the  world. Clearly a supercomputer is not needed to solve the MNIST problem; however, a …
Multi-objective optimization of resource scheduling in Fog computing using an improved NSGA-II | Y Sun, F Lin, H Xu - Wireless Personal Communications, 2018 - Springer | … In 2012 IEEE 14th International Conference on High Performance Computing and  Communication & … computing micro datacenter based dynamic resource estimation and pricing  model for IoT[C]. In 2015 IEEE 29th international conference on advanced information networking …
Data-driven smart manufacturing | F Tao, Q Qi, A Liu, A Kusiak - Journal of Manufacturing Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Moreover, compared to traditional methods (eg, interviews, surveys, etc.), in virtue of  cloud-based high performance computing, big data analytics enables users to not only accelerate  computationally expensive tasks (eg, market preferences and customer demands analysis, etc.…
Projection-based model reduction: Formulations for physics-based machine learning | R Swischuk, L Mainini, B Peherstorfer, K Willcox - Computers & Fluids, 2019 - Elsevier | This paper considers the creation of parametric surrogate models for applications in science  and engineering where the goal is to predict high-dimensional output quantities of interest,  such as pressure, temperature and strain fields. The proposed methodology develops a low-…
Towards decentralized IoT security enhancement: A blockchain approach | Y Qian, Y Jiang, J Chen, Y Zhang, J Song… - Computers & Electrical …, 2018 - Elsevier | With the rapid development of internet of things (IoT), it has brought great convenience to  users in different fields, such as smart home, smart transportation and so on. However, it also  carries potential security risks. In order to solve this challenge, in this paper, we first introduce …
A blockchain-empowered AAA scheme in the large-scale HetNet | N Shi, L Tan, W Li, X Qi, K Yu - Digital Communications and Networks, 2021 - Elsevier | … We analyze the time cost of the authorization and access control by comparing our scheme  with Zhang et al. [29] and Huang et al. [30]. … We analyze the time cost of access control by  comparing our scheme with Ding et al. [37] and traditional RBAC. Because traditional RBAC …
Survey on SDN based network intrusion detection system using machine learning approaches | N Sultana, N Chilamkurti, W Peng… - Peer-to-Peer Networking …, 2019 - Springer | … have been implemented in the SDN-based Network Intrusion Detection Systems (NIDS) to protect  computer networks and to overcome … ) An analysis of single-layer networks in unsupervised  feature learning. In: Proceedings of the fourteenth international conference on artificial …
The express data path: Fast programmable packet processing in the operating system kernel | T Høiland-Jørgensen, JD Brouer, D Borkmann… - … of the 14th international …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … As we have shown above, XDP offers high performance and can be used to implement a  variety of real-world use cases. However, this does not mean that XDP is a finished system.  On the contrary, as part of the Linux kernel, XDP undergoes continuous improvement. …
Autoware on board: Enabling autonomous vehicles with embedded systems | S Kato, S Tokunaga, Y Maruyama… - … 9th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The experimental results show that the execution latency imposed on the DRIVE PX2  platform is capped at about three times as much as that on a high-end laptop computer. We  believe that this observed computing performance is even acceptable for realworld production of …
Transformative effects of IoT, Blockchain and Artificial Intelligence on cloud computing: Evolution, vision, trends and open challenges | SS Gill, S Tuli, M Xu, I Singh, KV Singh, D Lindsay… - Internet of Things, 2019 - Elsevier | … HPC system: This is the tool which is used to solve large problems (which requires high  computing power) of business, engineering and science [5]. High Performance Computing (HPC)  system contains different types of computing resources to solve different types of problems …
High-throughput phenotyping for crop improvement in the genomics era | RR Mir, M Reynolds, F Pinto, MA Khan, MA Bhat - Plant Science, 2019 - Elsevier | … analysis, robotics, high-performance computing facilities and phenomics databases. These  modern phenomics platforms and tools aim to record data on traits like plant development,  architecture, plant photosynthesis, growth or biomass productivity, on hundreds to thousands …
Current challenges and future trends in the field of communication architectures for microgrids | S Marzal, R Salas, R González-Medina… - … and Sustainable Energy …, 2018 - Elsevier | … The increasing number of renewable energy sources and microgeneration as well as the  integration of a large amount of DER units in the microgrid requires advances in high performance  computing and parallel processing. Due to get that, these methods require, on one side, …
UbeHealth: a personalized ubiquitous cloud and edge-enabled networked healthcare system for smart cities | T Muhammed, R Mehmood, A Albeshri, I Katib - IEEE Access, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we proposed UbeHealth, a ubiquitous healthcare framework that leverages  edge computing, deep learning, big data, high performance computing (HPC), and the Internet  of Things (IoT) to address the very many challenges hindering the networked healthcare …
The many faces of robustness: A critical analysis of out-of-distribution generalization | D Hendrycks, S Basart, N Mu… - … /CVF International …, 2021 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Motivated by our observation that data augmentations can help with real-world distribution  shifts, we also introduce a new data … recognition performance under visual distortions.  In 2017 26th international conference on computer communication and networks (ICCCN…
Self-attention graph pooling | J Lee, I Lee, J Kang - International Conference on Machine …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … ous methods, is the first method to use self-attention for graph pooling and achieve high  performance. The code is available on Github 1 … In this section, we provide an analysis of  the experimental results. In Section 5.1, we compare global pooling and hierarchical pooling. …
Security and privacy in the medical internet of things: a review | W Sun, Z Cai, Y Li, F Liu, S Fang… - … Communication Networks, 2018 - hindawi.com | … Since MIoT devices do not have sufficient memory, computation, and communication  capabilities, they require a powerful and scalable high-performance computing and massive  storage infrastructure for real-time processing and data storage. Currently, most MIoT institutions …
New developments in force fields for biomolecular simulations | PS Nerenberg, T Head-Gordon - Current opinion in structural biology, 2018 - Elsevier | … More recently, the era of large quantitative experimental datasets and ubiquitous high  performance computing power has enabled rapid progress in the field. In this review we  summarize recent developments in all-atom protein, nucleic acid, and small molecule force fields, …
Remote health monitoring of elderly through wearable sensors | M Al-Khafajiy, T Baker, C Chalmers, M Asim… - Multimedia Tools and …, 2019 - Springer | … well examined to make sure that the system can achieve high performance in dealing with  elderly people data and effectively monitor their … 12th international conference on autonomic  and trusted computing and 2015 IEEE 15th international conference on scalable computing …
Big data analytics for personalized medicine | D Cirillo, A Valencia - Current opinion in biotechnology, 2019 - Elsevier | … Fundamental in this scenario is high performance computing (HPC). Supercomputers  and parallel processing are essential for addressing complex problems with intensive data  tasks. European initiatives include the big data ecosystem European Open Science Cloud (EOSC, …
Simplifying graph convolutional networks | F Wu, A Souza, T Zhang, C Fifty, T Yu… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … In addition to our empirical analysis, we analyze SGC from a convolution perspective and  manifest this method as a low-pass-type filter on the spectral domain. Low-pass-type filters  capture low-frequency signals, which corresponds with smoothing features across a graph in …
The internet of things, fog and cloud continuum: Integration and challenges | L Bittencourt, R Immich, R Sakellariou, N Fonseca… - Internet of Things, 2018 - Elsevier | … Consequently, the amount of data generated by devices at the edge of the network will also  grow. While cloud computing has been an established and effective way of acquiring  computation and storage as a service to many applications, it may not be suitable to handle the …
Big data stream analysis: a systematic literature review | T Kolajo, O Daramola, A Adebiyi - Journal of Big Data, 2019 - Springer | … issue in big data stream computing environment. There is a need for good multiple instances  replication if high throughput is to be achieved. … In: 2015 IEEE 29th international conference  on advanced information networking and applications, Gwangiu, South Korea, 24–27 March …
XGBoost classifier for DDoS attack detection and analysis in SDN-based cloud | Z Chen, F Jiang, Y Cheng, X Gu… - … IEEE international …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this section, we analyze the principle of the detection algorithm XGBoost. XGBoost makes  a great improvement to the traditional Gradient Boosting Decision Tree (… Finally, we analyze  and compare the test results of XGBoost algorithm with other machine learning algorithms. …
A customizable matrix multiplication framework for the intel harpv2 xeon+ fpga platform: A deep learning case study | DJM Moss, S Krishnan, E Nurvitadhi… - … /SIGDA International …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … General Matrix to Matrix multiplication (GEMM) is the cornerstone for a wide gamut of  applications in high performance computing (HPC), scientific computing (SC) and more recently,  deep learning. In this work, we present a customizable matrix multiplication framework for the …
An out-of-band authentication scheme for internet of things using blockchain technology | L Wu, X Du, W Wang, B Lin - 2018 International conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | While the rapid development of IoT devices is changing our daily lives, some particular issues  hinder the massive deployment of IoT devices. For example, current network ID management  system cannot handle so many new terminals; there is no agreed security standards for …
Pocket: Elastic ephemeral storage for serverless analytics | A Klimovic, Y Wang, P Stuedi, A Trivedi… - … {USENIX} Symposium …, 2018 - usenix.org | … demand high throughput (eg, we find that sorting 100 GB with 500 lambdas requires up to  7.5 GB/s of ephemeral storage throughput) while … Thus, an ephemeral data store must deliver  high bandwidth, low latency, and high IOPS for the entire range of object sizes. Automatic and …
An intrusion detection system for connected vehicles in smart cities | M Aloqaily, S Otoum, I Al Ridhawi, Y Jararweh - Ad Hoc Networks, 2019 - Elsevier | … network security. The goal of any Intrusion Detection (ID) is to identify or detect variant attack  behaviors, monitor and analyze network traffic to classify normal and abnormal behaviors,  analyze … ’ weaknesses, recognize threats that arise in networks and identify the faults of the …
Extensor: An accelerator for sparse tensor algebra | K Hegde, H Asghari-Moghaddam, M Pellauer… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Generalized tensor algebra is a prime candidate for acceleration via customized ASICs. Modern  tensors feature a wide range of data sparsity, with the density of non-zero elements ranging  from 10-6% to 50%. This paper proposes a novel approach to accelerate tensor kernels …
A survey towards an integration of big data analytics to big insights for value-creation | MK Saggi, S Jain - Information Processing & Management, 2018 - Elsevier | … This article presents a comprehensive, well-informed examination, and realistic analysis of  deploying big data analytics successfully in … Developers must synchronize and make  hardware component compatible with software applications using computer networks, wired or …
Internet of things: Vision, applications and challenges | R Mehta, J Sahni, K Khanna - Procedia computer science, 2018 - Elsevier | … The smart phones embed various sensors and actuators which sense the information,  perform computation on that data, and transmit the valuable data thus gathered with the help of  Internet [5]. By using such network with various devices embedding the sensors, we will be able …
Machine learning for Internet of Things data analysis: A survey | MS Mahdavinejad, M Rezvan, M Barekatain… - … and Networks, 2018 - Elsevier | Rapid developments in hardware, software, and communication technologies have facilitated  the emergence of Internet-connected sensory devices that provide observations and data  measurements from the physical world. By 2020, it is estimated that the total number of …
A performance comparison of linux containers and virtual machines using Docker and KVM | MS Chae, HM Lee, K Lee - Cluster Computing, 2019 - Springer | … cloud computing is slower than a native system, this study analyzes ways to improve  performance. We … performance and energy-efficiency of Xen, KVM and Vmware hypervisors. In:  2013 25th International Symposium on Computer Architecture and High Performance Computing …
Cloud-fog interoperability in IoT-enabled healthcare solutions | R Mahmud, FL Koch, R Buyya - … of the 19th international conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In this work, we analyzed the literature review and gets the motivation to generalize the  Cloud-based IoT-Healthcare solution structure both in … , we analysis the performance of both  solution structure and their integration through simulation studies in iFogsim. The performance of …
Algorithms for efficient digital media transmission over IoT and cloud networking | C Stergiou, KE Psannis, AP Plageras, Y Ishibashi… - 2018 - ruomo.lib.uom.gr | … of the upcoming ICT Work Programme 2013) and International Telecommunication Union  (ITU) SG13 meeting on DAN/CCN, July 2012, amongst other invited speakers. He has several  publications in international Conferences, books chapters and peer reviewed journals. His …
Blockchain for business applications: A systematic literature review | I Konstantinidis, G Siaminos, C Timplalexis… - International Conference …, 2018 - Springer | … Blockchain utilizes a secure data structure that enables identifying and tracking transactions  digitally and sharing the information across computer networks. In [4], the use of blockchain  technology as a service support infrastructure in public sector procedures such as Digital ID …
A review of the use of convolutional neural networks in agriculture | A Kamilaris, FX Prenafeta-Boldú - The Journal of Agricultural Science, 2018 - cambridge.org | Deep learning (DL) constitutes a modern technique for image processing, with large potential.  Having been successfully applied in various areas, it has recently also entered the domain  of agriculture. In the current paper, a survey was conducted of research efforts that employ …
Gene selection and classification of microarray data using convolutional neural network | DQ Zeebaree, H Haron… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Operators are utilized in performing computation on each matrix in order to quantify average  or maximize value. 3. Full connection layer is … In this paper, a convolutional neural network  (CNN) was proposed to perform gene selection on ten cancer datasets. Selecting informative …
Bars: a blockchain-based anonymous reputation system for trust management in vanets | Z Lu, Q Wang, G Qu, Z Liu - … 17th IEEE International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … by analyzing all the broadcasted messages in VANETs. … , we analyze the security and  validity of BARS and evaluate the performance. The results show that BARS effectively improves  the trustworthiness of broadcasted messages and protects vehicle privacy with high efficiency. …
Extremely scalable spiking neuronal network simulation code: from laptops to exascale computers | J Jordan, T Ippen, M Helias, I Kitayama… - Frontiers in …, 2018 - frontiersin.org | … prepare the simulation kernel for post-petascale high-performance computing facilities without  sacrificing performance in smaller systems. … We consequently introduce additional  optimizations to maintain high performance in small- to medium-scale simulations. This approach …
Fog computing as enabler for blockchain-based IIoT app marketplaces-A case study | A Seitz, D Henze, D Miehle, B Bruegge… - … Fifth international …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … For a better understanding of the problem domain we created an analysis object model (cf.  Figure 1) to describe … network, the confirmation times for the transactions were very high.  Additionally, the evaluation of the scalability and the application of the IIoT Bazaar in a real-world …
Securing IoTs in distributed blockchain: Analysis, requirements and open issues | S Moin, A Karim, Z Safdar, K Safdar, E Ahmed… - … Generation Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … security concerns in the context of SWOT analysis. The SWOT analysis for securing IoT based  Blockchain networks is presented in Fig. . … Moreover, this database promises low latency  and high throughput of a distributed big database with the additive advantage of the provision …
Toward the first quantum simulation with quantum speedup | AM Childs, D Maslov, Y Nam… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - National Acad Sciences | … We develop optimized implementations and perform detailed resource analyses for several  leading quantum algorithms for this problem. By … Proceedings of the International Conference  for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis (Assoc Comput …
Softsku: Optimizing server architectures for microservice diversity@ scale | A Sriraman, A Dhanotia, TF Wenisch - … the 46th International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We next turn to performance-counter-based analysis of the architectural bottlenecks of our  microservice suite, and examine opportunities it reveals for future hardware SKU design. 2.4.1  IPC and stall causes. We report each microservice’s overall Instructions Per Cycle (IPC) in …
Blockchain for secure and efficient data sharing in vehicular edge computing and networks | J Kang, R Yu, X Huang, M Wu… - IEEE Internet of …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Although VECONs pave the way for high performance networks at the edge, security and  privacy issues are critical challenges for VECONs… He serves as a TPC member for numerous  international conferences, including the IEEE INFOCOM, the IEEE ICC, the IEEE GLOBECOM, …
A survey of data partitioning and sampling methods to support big data analysis | MS Mahmud, JZ Huang, S Salloum… - Big Data Mining and …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … It provides a general partitioning mechanism to distribute aggregation workload across  different machines using the MapReduce computing model. It is a multi-purpose engine, but  not a real-time and high-performance engine because of the high throughput latency in its …
Reliable and secure data transfer in IoT networks | SP Gochhayat, C Lal, L Sharma, DP Sharma, D Gupta… - … Networks, 2020 - Springer | With the rapid technological improvements in mobile devices and their inclusion in Internet of  Things (IoT), secure key management becomes mandatory to ensure security of information  exchange. For instance, IoT applications, such as smart health-care and smart homes, …
Deep convolutional neural network based medical image classification for disease diagnosis | SS Yadav, SM Jadhav - Journal of Big Data, 2019 - Springer | … , an ordinary high-performance computer is enough, like 16G memory, i7 (2.3 GHz), and a  256G solid-state drive (SSD) disk. However, training a deep neural network should … In: 2006  international conference of the IEEE engineering in medicine and biology society. IEEE. 2006. …
World of code: an infrastructure for mining the universe of open source VCS data | Y Ma, C Bogart, S Amreen, R Zaretzki… - … ACM 16th International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The differentiating features of WoC are the completeness of the collection and access to  global relationships. Specifically, two basic services would be difficult to replicate outside  WoC, yet be capable of high throughput on the limited hardware. First, a reporting service that …
Digital Twin-driven smart manufacturing: Connotation, reference model, applications and research issues | Y Lu, C Liu, I Kevin, K Wang, H Huang, X Xu - Robotics and Computer …, 2020 - Elsevier | This paper reviews the recent development of Digital Twin technologies in manufacturing  systems and processes, to analyze the connotation, application scenarios, and research  issues of Digital Twin-driven smart manufacturing in the context of Industry 4.0. To understand …
Design of a high-performance gemm-like tensor–tensor multiplication | P Springer, P Bientinesi - ACM Transactions on Mathematical Software …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … To make this document self-contained, we provide here an introduction to general highperformance  matrix–matrix multiplications, tensor … By combining GETT, TTGT, and LoG into a unified  Tensor Contraction Code Generator, we obtain high performance for bandwidth-bound …
Edgeeye: An edge service framework for real-time intelligent video analytics | P Liu, B Qi, S Banerjee - … of the 1st international workshop on edge …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … fits the requirements of deep learning training very well because the training process  requires a large amount of data and high throughput … performance on imagenet classification.  In Proceedings of the IEEE international conference on computer vision. 1026–1034. [13] Intel. …
A multi objective Tabu particle swarm optimization for effective cluster head selection in WSN | K Vijayalakshmi, P Anandan - Cluster computing, 2019 - Springer | … for wireless sensor networks. In: 2012 IEEE 14th International Conference on High  Performance Computing and Communication and 2012 IEEE 9th International Conference  on Embedded Software and Systems (HPCC–ICESS), June 2012, pp. 1232–1238. IEEE (2012) …
Smart anomaly detection in sensor systems: A multi-perspective review | L Erhan, M Ndubuaku, M Di Mauro, W Song, M Chen… - Information …, 2021 - Elsevier | … , it is possible to substantially improve the accuracy of anomaly detection, still with no  intervention from high-performance computing nodes. … of computation (in the Cloud and some  Fog nodes) to perform the training of anomaly detection models on high performance computing …
Security and trust issues in Fog computing: A survey | PY Zhang, MC Zhou, G Fortino - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … and the above analysis, we reveal the following security and trust issues for the Fog: Since  the Fog is designed upon traditional networking components, it is highly vulnerable to security  attacks. It is hard to ensure authenticated access to services and maintenance of privacy in …
IoT security: Review, blockchain solutions, and open challenges | MA Khan, K Salah - Future generation computer systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Since the IoT paradigm represents a collection of interconnected networks, and heterogeneous  devices, it inherits the conventional security issues related to the computer networks. The  constrained resources pose further challenges to IoT security since the small devices or …
Biophysical experiments and biomolecular simulations: A perfect match? | S Bottaro, K Lindorff-Larsen - Science, 2018 - science.sciencemag.org | … advantage of multicore processors and high-performance computing facilities. Speedups  can be achieved by off-loading calculations to graphics processing units, which provide high  performance at reasonable cost. A different route to improve efficiency is to build hardware …
AR-RRNS: Configurable reliable distributed data storage systems for Internet of Things to ensure security | N Chervyakov, M Babenko, A Tchernykh… - … Generation Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … large computational infrastructure to ensure successful data storage, processing and analysis.  Nowadays, well-known cloud storage providers, … In edge and fog computing, the main idea  is to perform computation locally, close to the source of data. In general, sending data to the …
SpeedyChain: A framework for decoupling data from blockchain for smart cities | RA Michelin, A Dorri, M Steger, RC Lunardi… - … Computing, Networking …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Thus, in our approach vehicles only maintain the root hash of a Merkle tree of valid PKs in  the network provided by a trust agent known as Merkle tree updater. We provided qualitative  analysis on security and privacy of our approach. Simulation results using the CORE simulator …
Secure and reliable IoT networks using fog computing with software-defined networking and blockchain | A Muthanna, AA Ateya, A Khakimov, I Gudkova… - … and Actuator Networks, 2019 - mdpi.com | … resources than the IoT system with only centralized cloud computing. Moreover, the  proposed IoT system with distributed Fog computing and an SDN network achieves higher  performance than the previously considered cases in terms of storage resources utilization. …
Blockchain and the related issues: A review of current research topics | Y Lu - Journal of Management Analytics, 2018 - Taylor & Francis | … synthesizes and analyses extant articles that focus on blockchain-related perspectives which  will potentially play an important role in sustainable development in the world. … In International  conference on financial cryptography and data security (pp. 79–94). Berlin: Springer. …
Edge-oriented computing paradigms: A survey on architecture design and system management | C Li, Y Xue, J Wang, W Zhang, T Li - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … computing services, we also confront many obstacles that come along. The bandwidth limit,  global centralization of data processing, and storage … Energy is consumed when fog  components perform computation or send/receive data. It is crucial to account for power behaviors …
Analysis of Blockchain technology: pros, cons and SWOT | M Niranjanamurthy, BN Nithya, S Jagannatha - Cluster Computing, 2019 - Springer | … In this analysis paper we discussed what is Blockchain?, SWOT analysis of BC, Types of BC  and how Blockchain works along with its advantages and disadvantages… The amount of data  in our world is rapidly increasing. According to a recent report, it is estimated that 20% of the …
{SAND}: Towards High-Performance Serverless Computing | IE Akkus, R Chen, I Rimac, M Stein, K Satzke… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … and prototype a novel, highperformance serverless platform, SAND. Specifically, we propose  two mechanisms to accomplish both low latency and high resource efficiency. First, we design  a finegrained application sandboxing mechanism for serverless computing. The key idea …
Big data analytics for healthcare industry: impact, applications, and tools | S Kumar, M Singh - Big data mining and analytics, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In recent years, huge amounts of structured, unstructured, and semi-structured data have  been generated by various institutions around the world and, collectively, this heterogeneous  data is referred to as big data. The health industry sector has been confronted by the need to …
BRUSCHETTA: An IoT blockchain-based framework for certifying extra virgin olive oil supply chain | A Arena, A Bianchini, P Perazzo… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … blockchain technology,” in 2016 IEEE 18th international conference on high performance  computing and communications; IEEE 14th international conference on smart city; IEEE 2nd  international conference on data science and systems (HPCC/SmartCity/DSS). IEEE, 2016, pp. …
MLIR: A compiler infrastructure for the end of Moore's law | C Lattner, M Amini, U Bondhugula, A Cohen… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … For example, the academic workshop about use of MLIR in High-Performance Computing  (HPC) was attended by individuals from 16 … , our goal is to produce high performance code,  so we need to do useful things in common cases. We have found four major approaches: …
Computer vision algorithms and hardware implementations: A survey | X Feng, Y Jiang, X Yang, M Du, X Li - Integration, 2019 - Elsevier | … Hardware acceleration takes advantage of computer hardware to perform computing tasks  with lower latency and higher throughput than the conventional software implementation  running on general-purpose CPUs [98]. Historically, the von-Neumann-style compute-centric …
QAOA for Max-Cut requires hundreds of qubits for quantum speed-up | GG Guerreschi, AY Matsuura - Scientific reports, 2019 - nature.com | … Most of the cost of running QAOA is then absorbed into a sort of global training and  neglected in the cost-per-instance analysis. While the approach is surely interesting, no specific  arguments are provided to quantify the efficacy of global training for larger and larger instances …
Array programming with NumPy | CR Harris, KJ Millman, SJ van der Walt, R Gommers… - Nature, 2020 - nature.com | … NetworkX 22 , a package for complex network analysis, is used to verify image comparison  consistency. Astropy 23,24 handles standard astronomical file … AUGEM: automatically  generate high performance dense linear algebra kernels on x86 CPUs. In SC’13: Proc. Intl Conf…
Dynamic viability of the 2016 Mw 7.8 Kaikōura earthquake cascade on weak crustal faults | T Ulrich, AA Gabriel, JP Ampuero, W Xu - Nature communications, 2019 - nature.com | … High-resolution 3D modeling is enabled by the SeisSol software package that couples  seismic wave propagation with frictional fault failure and off-fault inelasticity, and is  optimized for high-performance computing (see “Numerical method” in Methods section). …
Depth-induced multi-scale recurrent attention network for saliency detection | Y Piao, W Ji, J Li, M Zhang… - … International Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … It achieves dramatic performance especially in complex scenarios. There are three main  contributions of our network that are experimentally demonstrated to have significant practical  merits. First, we design an effective depth refinement block using residual connections to fully …
Recent advances in convolutional neural network acceleration | Q Zhang, M Zhang, T Chen, Z Sun, Y Ma, B Yu - Neurocomputing, 2019 - Elsevier | … propose a clustering of GPU servers using Commodity Off-The-Shelf High Performance  Computing (COTS HPC) technology and high-speed communication infrastructure for parallelism  in distributed gradient decent algorithm, which reduces 98% number of machines used for …
Quantifying the effects of data augmentation and stain color normalization in convolutional neural networks for computational pathology | D Tellez, G Litjens, P Bándi, W Bulten, JM Bokhorst… - … image analysis, 2019 - Elsevier | … in the histopathology setting; especially considering that color normalization added a  computational overhead that can substantially reduce the overall classification speed. Neural  network based methods, both Network and Style, achieved similar high performance on the …
Datacenter RPCs can be general and fast | A Kalia, M Kaminsky, D Andersen - … } Symposium on Networked Systems …, 2019 - usenix.org | … networking software must sacri ce generality to attain high performance. The popularity of  specialized distributed systems designed speci cally for niche technologies such as RDMA,  lossless networks, … of a highperformance RPC library for datacenter networks. This includes (1) …
JFCGuard: detecting juice filming charging attack via processor usage analysis on smartphones | W Meng, L Jiang, Y Wang, J Li, J Zhang, Y Xiang - Computers & security, 2018 - Elsevier | … In the evaluation, we perform a user study with over 250 participants and the results  demonstrate that JFCGuard can identify JFC attack in … in cloud computing and applied  cryptography. He has published over 80 research papers in refereed international conferences and …
Land cover 2.0 | MA Wulder, NC Coops, DP Roy, JC White… - International Journal …, 2018 - Taylor & Francis | … analysis – Land Cover 2.0 – has emerged, enabled by free and open access data, analysis  ready data, high performance computing, and rapidly developing data processing and analysis  … in land cover information, highlighting institutional, computational, as well as theoretical …
Recent advances in efficient computation of deep convolutional neural networks | J Cheng, P Wang, G Li, Q Hu, H Lu - arXiv preprint arXiv:1802.00939, 2018 - arxiv.org | … complexity remain two key problems for deployment of these networks. For the CNN training  phase, the computational complexity is not a critical problem thanks to the high performance  GPUs or CPU clouds. The large storage consumption also has less effect on the training …
IoT based smart crop-field monitoring and automation irrigation system | RN Rao, B Sridhar - 2018 2nd International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Once added cloud computing with IOT a changes has occurred in computer network base  technologies and mobile based technology. Now days other networks are 3G, LTE, GSM,  WLAN, WPAN, WiMax, RFID, Zigbee, NFC, Bluetooth that develops IOT so smart system and …
Synchronized progress in interconnection networks (SPIN): A new theory for deadlock freedom | A Ramrakhyani, PV Gratz… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … up to 80% higher throughput, 52% lower area and 50% lower power for an on-chip 64-core  mesh, and up to 83% higher throughput, 53% … FAvORS-NMin outperforms minimal routing  by offering 78% and 62% higher throughput with tornado and bitcomplement traffic patterns …
Parameter efficient training of deep convolutional neural networks by dynamic sparse reparameterization | H Mostafa, X Wang - International Conference on Machine …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … high computational cost and the need for manual configuration of the number of free parameters  allocated to each layer. We evaluate the performance of dynamic reallocation methods in  training deep convolutional networks … , managed to explain the high performance of sparse …
Blockchain for government services—Use cases, security benefits and challenges | A Alketbi, Q Nasir, MA Talib - … and Technology Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Public sector and governments have been actively exploring new technologies to enable the  smart services transformation and to achieve strategic objectives such as citizens satisfaction  and happiness, services efficiency and cost optimization. The Blockchain technology is a …
Applied machine learning at facebook: A datacenter infrastructure perspective | K Hazelwood, S Bird, D Brooks… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … high-performance computer architectures [1]. At Facebook, machine learning provides key  capabilities in driving nearly all aspects of user experience including services like ranking  posts for News Feed, speech and text translations, and photo and real-time video classification […
Digital transformation of manufacturing through cloud services and resource virtualization | T Borangiu, D Trentesaux, A Thomas, P Leitão… - Computers in …, 2019 - Elsevier | … Enables pervasive, on-demand network access to a shared pool of configurable high  performance computing (HPC) resources (servers, storage networks, applications) that can  be rapidly provisioned and released as services to various end-users eg, shop-floor devices, …
Load balancing in cloud computing: a big picture | SK Mishra, B Sahoo, PP Parida - Journal of King Saud University-Computer …, 2020 - Elsevier | … A brief explanation of considered performance parameters in the literature and their  effects is presented in this paper. To analyze the performance of heuristic-based algorithms,  the simulation is carried out in CloudSim simulator and the results are presented in detail. …
Internet of Things based wireless body area network in healthcare | G Elhayatmy, N Dey, AS Ashour - Internet of things and big data analytics …, 2018 - Springer | … The medical server contains a database for the stored data, analyzing and processing  software to deliver the system required service. It is … The Ultra wideband frequencies provide  higher throughput and higher data rates, whereas lower frequencies have less attenuation and …
Multimedia big data computing and Internet of Things applications: A taxonomy and process model | A Kumari, S Tanwar, S Tyagi, N Kumar… - … Network and Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Only one company from the sample produced social network analysis software. However, 13  companies used the social networking analysis … Training language prototypes that showed  to be tremendously effective and high performance when commerce using web-scale text …
Drop an octave: Reducing spatial redundancy in convolutional neural networks with octave convolution | Y Chen, H Fan, B Xu, Z Yan… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Compared with MG-Conv, OctConv adopts more efficient design to exchange inter-frequency  information with higher performance as can … We adopt the most popular light weight networks  as baselines and examine if OctConv works well on these compact networks with depth-…
Intrusion detection systems for IoT-based smart environments: a survey | MF Elrawy, AI Awad… - … Computing, 2018 - journalofcloudcomputing … | … system are its high efficiency in detecting RPL topology attacks in an energy-efficient manner  and its applicability to large-scale networks. … In this section, a descriptive statistical analysis  is applied to the reviewed papers based on several performance metrics: the TPR, FPR, …
nbodykit: An open-source, massively parallel toolkit for large-scale structure | N Hand, Y Feng, F Beutler, Y Li, C Modi… - The Astronomical …, 2018 - iopscience.iop.org | … high-performance computing environment, overcoming some of the traditional difficulties of  using Python on supercomputers. We provide performance … access arbitrary slices of the data  while also taking advantage of the high throughput of a parallel file system. Often, users will …
A secure authenticated and key exchange scheme for fog computing | CM Chen, Y Huang, KH Wang, S Kumari… - Enterprise Information …, 2021 - Taylor & Francis | … Fog can provide high efficiency in scenarios that demand low latency requirements, such as  Telecare Medicine Information System, … ProVerif for a formal security analysis. Performance  analysis shows that the proposed AKE scheme is more efficient than other related schemes. …
Outerspace: An outer product based sparse matrix multiplication accelerator | S Pal, J Beaumont, DH Park… - … High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The real-world matrices we evaluate are derived from the … Network Analysis Project (SNAP)  [39], containing a wide spectrum of real-world sparse matrices from diverse domains such as  structural engineering, computational fluid dynamics, model reduction, social networks, web …
Understanding ephemeral storage for serverless analytics | A Klimovic, Y Wang, C Kozyrakis, P Stuedi… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … system as Flash offers a medium ground between disk and DRAM for both performance and  cost. In particular, NVM Express (… high performance and capacity per dollar [5]. We choose  to use the Apache Crail distributed storage system as it is designed for high performance …
Agricultural remote sensing big data: Management and applications | Y Huang, Z Chen, YU Tao, X Huang, X Gu - Journal of Integrative …, 2018 - Elsevier | … The DGGS is “A solution can only be achieved through the conversion of traditional data  archives into standardized data architectures that support parallel processing in distributed  and/or high performance computing environments. A common framework is required that will link …
Web traffic anomaly detection using C-LSTM neural networks | TY Kim, SB Cho - Expert Systems with Applications, 2018 - Elsevier | … become more popular, the importance of computer networks is increasing. Massive  infrastructure based on complex networks and internet of things (IoT) … High performance  hardware is required because the maximum size of the network that can be trained depends on the …
A unified theory of decentralized SGD with changing topology and local updates | A Koloskova, N Loizou, S Boreiri… - International …, 2020 - proceedings.mlr.press | … Decentralized stochastic optimization methods have gained a lot of attention recently,  mainly because of their cheap per iteration cost, data locality, and their communication-efficiency.  In this paper we introduce a unified convergence analysis that covers a large variety of …
Wilds: A benchmark of in-the-wild distribution shifts | PW Koh, S Sagawa, H Marklund… - International …, 2021 - proceedings.mlr.press | … We simultaneously consider domain generalization across time (the training/test sets  comprise images taken before/after a certain year) and subpopulation shift across regions (there  are images from the same regions in the training and test sets, and we seek high performance …
Big data analytics for large-scale wireless networks: Challenges and opportunities | HN Dai, RCW Wong, H Wang, Z Zheng… - ACM Computing …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … high volume data in real-time fashion. In summary, big data generated from large-scale  wireless networks is often featured with wide variety, high … data analytics schemes in supporting  real-time wireless applications while maintaining high performance (like prediction accuracy). …
Efficient IoT-based sensor BIG Data collection–processing and analysis in smart buildings | AP Plageras, KE Psannis, C Stergiou, H Wang… - … Generation Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … of the upcoming ICT Work Programme 2013) and International Telecommunication Union  (ITU) SG13 meeting on DAN/CCN, July 2012, amongst other invited speakers. He has several  publications in international Conferences, books chapters and peer reviewed journals. His …
Network pruning via transformable architecture search | X Dong, Y Yang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1905.09717, 2019 - arxiv.org | … Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have become wider and deeper to achieve  high performance on different applications [17, 22, 48]. Despite their great success, it is impractical  to deploy them to resource constrained devices, such as mobile devices and drones. …
IoT big data analytics for smart homes with fog and cloud computing | A Yassine, S Singh, MS Hossain… - … Generation Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … requirement and component design analysis for an IoT big data analytics platform for smart  homes via fog and cloud computing. The smart … He has served as a member of the organizing  and technical committees of several international conferences and workshops. He has …
Trading private range counting over big IoT data | Z Cai, Z He - 2019 IEEE 39th International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The analysis and evaluation results demonstrate that our framework greatly reduces the error  of range counting approximation; and the optimal … • We extensively evaluate the performance  of our approach based on real-world dataset, ie, the CityPulse Smart City Datasets. …
A survey on compiler autotuning using machine learning | AH Ashouri, W Killian, J Cavazos, G Palermo… - ACM Computing …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … higher performance gain. Ding et al. [77] presented an autotuning framework capable of  leveraging different input in twolevel approach. … Polyhedral compilation community has  recently gained attraction due to its wide appliance on the high-performance computing projects.“…
Big data systems meet machine learning challenges: towards big data science as a service | R Elshawi, S Sakr, D Talia, P Trunfio - Big data research, 2018 - Elsevier | … components: a storage service called Sector, which manages the large distributed datasets  with high reliability, high performance IO, and … access, increase data IO bandwidth, and exploit  wide area high performance networks. Both of them are available as open source software. …
Smart city concept in the light of the literature review | J Winkowska, D Szpilko, S Pejić - Engineering Management in …, 2019 - yadda.icm.edu.pl | … The purpose of this article is to identify the areas of research analysed in the international  literature in the field of smart cities. The bibliometric analysis was carried out to achieve the …  The bibliometric map visualises the results of the analysis that targeted the word coexistence. …
Notice of Violation of IEEE Publication Principles: State of the art and challenges facing consensus protocols on blockchain | N Chalaemwongwan… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We analyze and compare these protocols in different respects. Furthermore, we list some  challenges and problems that would hinder blockchain … “An IoT electric business model based  on the protocol of bitcoin,” 18th International conference on intelligence in next… networks …
Automatic diagnosis of the 12-lead ECG using a deep neural network | AH Ribeiro, MH Ribeiro, GMM Paixão… - Nature …, 2020 - nature.com | The role of automatic electrocardiogram (ECG) analysis in clinical practice is limited by the  accuracy of existing models. Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are models composed of stacked  transformations that learn tasks by examples. This technology has recently achieved striking …
Offloading in fog computing for IoT: Review, enabling technologies, and research opportunities | M Aazam, S Zeadally, KA Harras - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … The incentive scheme would reward participant nodes which deliver high performance to …  [47] Computation Achieved an accuracy up to 85.5% after two micro task samples for predicting  the runtime performance of unknown services Medium Assured to deliver high performance …
Manticore: A user-friendly symbolic execution framework for binaries and smart contracts | M Mossberg, F Manzano, E Hennenfent… - … /ACM International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Emulated registers and instructions must support both concrete and symbolic values,  which they do by building a symbolic expression tree, as opposed to performing computation  directly. 2) Memory Emulation: Manticore has a simple virtual address space emulation with …
Minimizing SLA violation and power consumption in Cloud data centers using adaptive energy-aware algorithms | Z Zhou, J Abawajy, M Chowdhury, Z Hu, K Li… - … Generation Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … He has organized a number of international conferences and served as a member of program  committees of several international conferences. He … His research interests include high  performance computing, Cloud computing, energy-efficient resource management, and virtual …
Investigating spatiotemporal dynamics and synchrony of influenza epidemics in Australia: an agent-based modelling approach | OM Cliff, N Harding, M Piraveenan, EY Erten… - … Modelling Practice and …, 2018 - Elsevier | In this paper we present AceMod, an agent-based modelling framework for studying  influenza epidemics in Australia. The simulator is designed to analyse the spatiotemporal  spread of contagion and influenza spatial synchrony across the nation. The individual-based …
Raspberry Pi assisted face recognition framework for enhanced law-enforcement services in smart cities | M Sajjad, M Nasir, K Muhammad, S Khan, Z Jan… - … Generation Computer …, 2020 - Elsevier | … convolution neural networks and deep belief networks and their performance on Raspberry  Pi … analysis of face detection algorithms on real-time video streams and its performance on  the Raspberry Pi device. The use of a better classifier will definitely increase the performance …
Scheduling opportunistic links in two-tiered reconfigurable datacenters | J Kulkarni, S Schmid, P Schmidt - … of the 33rd ACM Symposium on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Therefore, in the analysis we will use the fractional latency (which we define next) to measure  the cost of an algorithm. The … high performance network structure for modular data center  interconnection,” in Proceedings of the 5th international conference on Emerging networking …
Analysis of transfer learning for deep neural network based plant classification models | A Kaya, AS Keceli, C Catal, HY Yalic, H Temucin… - … and electronics in …, 2019 - Elsevier | … In this paper we analyze and compare these different approaches and provide the lessons  learned. … However, in higher layers, features are more task-specific. Deep learning systems  provide high performance for several problems, but they require huge amount of data and time …
Towards energy-aware fog-enabled cloud of things for healthcare | MME Mahmoud, JJPC Rodrigues, K Saleem… - Computers & Electrical …, 2018 - Elsevier | … section analyses the results obtained in the above case study simulation scenario, with  and without the proposed allocation policy and with and without Fog (ie, using a two-tier CoT).  The analysis recognizes the efficiency aspects of energy consumption, delays and network …
Enabling technologies for fog computing in healthcare IoT systems | AA Mutlag, MK Abd Ghani, N Arunkumar… - … Generation Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … A new computational framework was proposed earlier [44], which facilitates remote real-time  monitoring, sensing, and scalable high-performance computing for making prognosis and  diagnosis. … performance computing useful for making prognosis and diagnosis. …
Intention-aware long horizon trajectory prediction of surrounding vehicles using dual lstm networks | L Xin, P Wang, CY Chan, J Chen… - … 21st International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | As autonomous vehicles (AVs) need to interact with other road users, it is of importance to  comprehensively understand the dynamic traffic environment, especially the future possible  trajectories of surrounding vehicles. This paper presents an algorithm for long-horizon …
Variational convolutional neural network pruning | C Zhao, B Ni, J Zhang, Q Zhao… - … /CVF Conference on …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | We propose a variational Bayesian scheme for pruning convolutional neural networks in  channel level. This idea is motivated by the fact that deterministic value based pruning methods  are inherently improper and unstable. In a nutshell, variational technique is introduced to …
A comprehensive survey for scheduling techniques in cloud computing | M Kumar, SC Sharma, A Goel, SP Singh - … of Network and Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … in cloud computing. We must analyze and improve them using efficient resource scheduling  algorithm to fulfill the requirement of end users as well as service provider without affecting  the service level agreement (SLA) violation. Resource scheduling becomes a prominent …
A deep learning approach for ECG-based heartbeat classification for arrhythmia detection | G Sannino, G De Pietro - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Therefore, clinicians usually employ computer-assisted methods to analyze and interpret the  ECG signals. … Hence, solutions are needed in order to manage and analyze such complex,  diverse, and huge datasets with a reasonable time complexity and storage capacity. Big data …
Mastering atari, go, chess and shogi by planning with a learned model | J Schrittwieser, I Antonoglou, T Hubert, K Simonyan… - Nature, 2020 - nature.com | … With more simulations, the performance jumped much higher. For analysis of the policy  improvement during each individual iteration, see … Our algorithm, MuZero, has both matched  the superhuman performance of high-performance planning algorithms in their favoured …
Cognitive internet of vehicles | M Chen, Y Tian, G Fortino, J Zhang, I Humar - Computer Communications, 2018 - Elsevier | … In addition, cloud receives emergent messages sent by edge and conducts a series of  emergency treatment through high-performance computing. With cooperative control of  resource cognitive engines at different levels, safety of the whole traffic system can be improved. …
Big data analytics in smart grids: a review | Y Zhang, T Huang, EF Bompard - Energy informatics, 2018 - Springer | … Driven by the development of information and communication technology, an information  layer is now added to the conventional electricity transmission and distribution network for  data collection, storage and analysis with the help of wide installation of smart meters and …
Serverless computing for container-based architectures | A Pérez, G Moltó, M Caballer, A Calatrava - Future Generation Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … In addition, we introduce a High Throughput Computing programming model to create  highly-parallel event-driven file-processing serverless applications that execute on  customized runtime environments (provided by Docker images) on AWS Lambda. …
Deep learning towards mobile applications | J Wang, B Cao, P Yu, L Sun, W Bao… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … devices and how to execute DNNs on mobile devices with high efficiency. In addition, we  will introduce our latest works about deep … Although the federated training achieves higher  efficiency than the naively distributed SGD, training a DNN model on mobile devices is still a …
Pvnet: A joint convolutional network of point cloud and multi-view for 3d shape recognition | H You, Y Feng, R Ji, Y Gao - … of the 26th ACM international conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Multi-view convolutional neural networks for 3d shape recognition. In Proceedings of the  IEEE international conference on computer vision. 945–953. [29] Christian Szegedy, Wei Liu,  Yangqing Jia, Pierre Sermanet, Scott Reed, Dragomir Anguelov, Dumitru Erhan, Vincent …
A taxonomy of software engineering challenges for machine learning systems: An empirical investigation | LE Lwakatare, A Raj, J Bosch, HH Olsson… - International …, 2019 - library.oapen.org | Artificial intelligence enabled systems have been an inevitable part of everyday life. However,  efficient software engineering principles and processes need to be considered and extended  when developing AI-enabled systems. The objective of this study is to identify and classify …
A survey on software defined networking with multiple controllers | Y Zhang, L Cui, W Wang, Y Zhang - Journal of Network and Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … In this paper, SDN with multiple controllers refers to the SDN-enabled network that has  more than one controller working together for high performance, scalability, availability, etc.  Multiple controllers introduce both benefits and challenges to SDN networks. …
Edge server placement in mobile edge computing | S Wang, Y Zhao, J Xu, J Yuan, CH Hsu - … and Distributed Computing, 2019 - Elsevier | … Finally, we performed experiments to evaluate the performance of the proposed approach  in a real mobile edge computing network dataset … His research includes high performance  computing, cloud computing, parallel and distributed systems, big data analytics, ubiquitous/…
Smart water management platform: IoT-based precision irrigation for agriculture | C Kamienski, JP Soininen, M Taumberger, R Dantas… - Sensors, 2019 - mdpi.com | … , availability of cloud data centers for storage and processing, management frameworks  for dealing with unstructured data from social networks, high-performance computing  resources in commodity platforms, and computational intelligence algorithms to deal with this …
The design and applications of high-performance ray-tracing simulation platform for 5G and beyond wireless communications: A tutorial | D He, B Ai, K Guan, L Wang, Z Zhong… - … Surveys & Tutorials, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … tion with high performance (accuracy and efficiency), good usability and availability. The  practices in the design of highperformance RT … introduced, with the publicly available high-performance  cloud-based RT simulation platform – CloudRT (http://www.raytracer.cloud/) as a …
High performance graph convolutional networks with applications in testability analysis | Y Ma, H Ren, B Khailany, H Sikka, L Luo… - … Automation Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In this paper, a high performance graph convolutional network (GCN) model is proposed  for the purpose of processing irregular graph representations of logic circuits. A GCN classifier  is firstly trained to predict observation point candidates in a netlist. The GCN classifier is then …
Deep-learning cardiac motion analysis for human survival prediction | GA Bello, TJW Dawes, J Duan, C Biffi… - Nature machine …, 2019 - nature.com | … The network was implemented and trained in the Python deep-learning libraries TensorFlow  60 and Keras 61 , on a high-performance computing cluster with an Intel Xeon E5-1660 CPU  and NVIDIA TITAN Xp GPU. The entire training process (including hyperparameter search …
Parallel ant colony optimization on multi-core SIMD CPUs | Y Zhou, F He, N Hou, Y Qiu - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … More significantly, we compare our approach with high performance GPU-based ACOs, and  the results demonstrate the strong potential of … to high-performance computing capabilities.  First, due to instruction level parallelism (ILP) walls and frequency walls, the performance of …
Docker ecosystem–vulnerability analysis | A Martin, S Raponi, T Combe, R Di Pietro - Computer Communications, 2018 - Elsevier | … Moreover, we detail real world scenarios where these vulnerabilities could be exploited,  propose possible fixes, and, finally discuss the … but in this paper we introduce new elements  (eg, the analysis and exploitation of the vulnerabilities arisen from the automated construction of …
Multimedia big data analytics: A survey | S Pouyanfar, Y Yang, SC Chen, ML Shyu… - ACM computing surveys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In addition, to provide better performance for multimedia big data analytics, data locality will  be further explored using Hadoop and Spark techniques over traditional High Performance  Computing (HPC) to transfer the large-scale data to computing units (Assunção et al. ). …
Cloud programming simplified: A berkeley view on serverless computing | E Jonas, J Schleier-Smith, V Sreekanti, CC Tsai… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … Multiplexing worked well for batch style workloads such as MapReduce or high performance  computing, which could fully utilize the instances they allocated. It worked less well for stateful  services, such as when porting enterprise software like a database management system …
Driving digital rock towards machine learning: Predicting permeability with gradient boosting and deep neural networks | O Sudakov, E Burnaev, D Koroteev - Computers & geosciences, 2019 - Elsevier | … advances in high-resolution imaging, high performance computing and machine learning  will lead to new and more effective computation. … Deep Learning models - convolutional  neural networks (CNNs), which are frequently used in the analysis of multidimensional data - to …
Handbook of dynamic data driven applications systems | E Blasch, S Ravela, A Aved - 2018 - books.google.com | … The third growth area is in smart sensing through networked systems and software, or  architectures to move and process data with high performance computing over a … Zhang,  Development of a computational paradigm for laser treatment of cancer, in International Conference …
Deep hough voting for 3d object detection in point clouds | CR Qi, O Litany, K He… - … International Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … object detection network based on a synergy of deep point set networks and Hough voting.  Our model achieves state-of-the-art 3D detection on two large datasets of real 3D scans,  ScanNet and SUN RGB-D with a simple design, compact model size and high efficiency. Remark…
It's hard to share: Joint service placement and request scheduling in edge clouds with sharable and non-sharable resources | T He, H Khamfroush, S Wang… - … 38th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … the maximum number of user requests using limited communication, computation, and  storage resources per edge cloud, considering that the storage resource may be shared by  requests of the same service. 2) We analyze the complexity of the problem in both the general …
Neural cache: Bit-serial in-cache acceleration of deep neural networks | C Eckert, X Wang, J Wang… - … Annual International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Similar to the human brain, which does not separate these two functionalities distinctly, we  perform computation directly on the bit lines of … -precision for each element stored in them,  bit-serial computing architectures can provide much higher throughput than bit-parallel arithmetic…
Deep learning vs. traditional computer vision | N O'Mahony, S Campbell, A Carvalho… - … Information Conference, 2019 - Springer | … They are especially practical in high performance systems which need to be implemented  quickly. For example, in a security camera, a CV algorithm can efficiently detect faces or other  features [26] or moving objects [27] in the scene. These detections can then be passed to a …
Internet of things forensics: Recent advances, taxonomy, requirements, and open challenges | I Yaqoob, IAT Hashem, A Ahmed, SMA Kazmi… - … Generation Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … In this study, we explore IoT’s novel factors affecting traditional computer forensics. We  investigate recent studies on IoT forensics by analyzing their strengths and weaknesses. We  categorize and classify the literature by devising a taxonomy based on forensics phases, enablers…
Not just privacy: Improving performance of private deep learning in mobile cloud | J Wang, J Zhang, W Bao, X Zhu, B Cao… - … International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Next we discuss each operation in Algorithm 1 in detail and analyze the privacy budget. …  To begin with, we analyze the local transformation without the nullification operation.  Denote the output-bound neural network Ml as M …
Blockchain technology in agri-food value chain management: A synthesis of applications, challenges and future research directions | G Zhao, S Liu, C Lopez, H Lu, S Elgueta, H Chen… - Computers in …, 2019 - Elsevier | … of the stored transaction records to all agri-food value chain partners. This paper used systematic  literature network analysis to review the … Most of the proposed framework for achieving  higher performance were based on the blockchain technology and cloud computing, which …
The Internet of Things: Insights into the building blocks, component interactions, and architecture layers | NM Kumar, PK Mallick - Procedia computer science, 2018 - Elsevier | … The interaction is enabled by sending the report states and the information is stored in  various formats such as data, text, videos, and images etc. The third components of IoT is the  Analytical and Computing Engines (ACE) where the stored information is analyzed logically with …
Securing the internet of things and wireless sensor networks via machine learning: A survey | M Mamdouh, MAI Elrukhsi… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … They assume a two-layer network architecture: An IoT layer that contains the sensor/actuator  infrastructure, and a fog layer which hosts the shared computation and storage of the network.  This architecture aims at elevating the training and the attack detection burdens to the fog …
Fast, accurate, and lightweight super-resolution with cascading residual network | N Ahn, B Kang, KA Sohn - … Conference on Computer Vision …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … follows: 1) We propose CARN, a neural network based on the cascading modules, which  achieves high performance on SR task (Fig. 1). Our … show how local and global cascading  modules affect the performance of CARN. Next, we analyze the tradeoff between performance vs. …
Deep belief network and linear perceptron based cognitive computing for collaborative robots | Z Lv, L Qiao - Applied Soft Computing, 2020 - Elsevier | … algorithms with collaborative robots to construct a cognitive computing system model based  on deep belief networks, … analyze the algorithm performance of deep belief network (DBN),  multilayer perceptron (MLP) and the cognitive computing system model of deep belief network …
Real-time human detection as an edge service enabled by a lightweight cnn | SY Nikouei, Y Chen, S Song, R Xu… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The delay and dependence on communication networks still hinder running-time interactions,  although suggestions for novel delivery protocols with higher efficiency … Due to its high  performance, the MobileNet is selected as the base on which our L-CNN algorithm is developed. …
Adopting Internet of Things for the development of smart buildings: A review of enabling technologies and applications | M Jia, A Komeily, Y Wang, RS Srinivasan - Automation in Construction, 2019 - Elsevier | … IoT enables smart grid to manage energy use in a macro perspective with respect to building  energy efficiency. The smart grid consists of computer networks that work along with the  power infrastructure to manage and monitor energy use [59]. The traditional electric grids are …
A multiple blockchains architecture on inter-blockchain communication | L Kan, Y Wei, AH Muhammad, W Siyuan… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In the end, our experiment results based on a network of private multiple blockchain systems  show that the throughput is increased by a … EXPERIMENTS AND ANALYSIS To verify  the feasibility of our inter-blockchain connection model and test the performance of multiple …
Data science | JD Kelleher, B Tierney - 2018 - books.google.com | … Indeed, the premier academic conference in the field is the International Conference on  Knowledge Discovery and Data … High-performance computing (HPC) involves aggregating  computing power to deliver higher performance than one can get from a stand-alone computer. …
HaBiTs: Blockchain-based telesurgery framework for healthcare 4.0 | R Gupta, S Tanwar, S Tyagi, N Kumar… - 2019 international …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … as GPS navigation, computer vision, and learning algorithms for the telesurgery procedure.  We can also secure the data at physical layer using network coding scheme. The data within  a block is secure, but the sharing of smart contracts over the open network is not secure. The …
Providing secure and reliable communication for next generation networks in smart cities | I Al Ridhawi, S Otoum, M Aloqaily, Y Jararweh… - Sustainable Cities and …, 2020 - Elsevier | … For example, nodes experiencing a network described as safe with high throughput and  low delay experience, in addition to successful cooperation results and SLA abidance, would  result in a high attitude rate. As stated earlier, the nodes awareness and nature characteristics …
Superneurons: Dynamic GPU memory management for training deep neural networks | L Wang, J Ye, Y Zhao, W Wu, A Li, SL Song… - … SIGPLAN symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We also propose several performance optimizations to guarantee high performance.  Evaluations against state-ofthe-art DL frameworks have demonstrated the effectiveness and  efficiency of proposed dynamic scheduling runtime. It creates new opportunities for DL practitioners …
Survey on Big Data Analytics in health care | P Saranya, P Asha - 2019 International Conference on Smart …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … but they lack in latency, bandwidth, reliability, security and energy efficiency. UbeHealth with  edge computing, deep learning, IoT and high performance computing overcome these issues  and have achieved better efficiency in some other Qos parameters as well. It has scope for …
Decentralization in bitcoin and ethereum networks | AE Gencer, S Basu, I Eyal, R Van Renesse… - International Conference …, 2018 - Springer | Blockchain-based cryptocurrencies have demonstrated how to securely implement traditionally  centralized systems, such as currencies, in a decentralized fashion. However, there have  been few measurement studies on the level of decentralization they achieve in practice. We …
Multilevel HfO2-based RRAM devices for low-power neuromorphic networks | V Milo, C Zambelli, P Olivo, E Pérez… - APL …, 2019 - aip.scitation.org | … Training and recognition with neural networks generally require high throughput, high  energy efficiency, and scalable circuits to enable artificial intelligence tasks to be operated at  the edge, ie, in battery-powered portable devices and other limited-energy environments. In this …
Blockchain and IoT based food traceability for smart agriculture | J Lin, Z Shen, A Zhang, Y Chai - … of the 3rd International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | 1Food safety is becoming more and more serious topic worldwide. To tackle the food safety  issues from the technical aspect, people need a trusted food traceability system that can  track and monitor the whole lifespan of food production, including the processes of food raw …
Legoos: A disseminated, distributed {OS} for hardware resource disaggregation | Y Shan, Y Huang, Y Chen, Y Zhang - … Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Thus, we evaluate LegoOS’ network performance first before evaluating LegoOS as a whole.  Figure 7 plots the average latency of sending … higher workload threads, because the single  worker thread at the mComponent becomes the bottleneck to achieving higher throughput. …
Privacy-preserving deep neural networks with pixel-based image encryption considering data augmentation in the encrypted domain | W Sirichotedumrong, T Maekawa… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present a novel privacy-preserving scheme for deep neural networks (DNNs) that enables  us not to only apply images without visual information to DNNs for both training and testing  but to also consider data augmentation in the encrypted domain for the first time. In this …
Understanding an urbanizing planet: Strategic directions for remote sensing | Z Zhu, Y Zhou, KC Seto, EC Stokes, C Deng… - Remote Sensing of …, 2019 - Elsevier | … record, joint analysis of Earth observation data with ancillary data sets, widespread availability  of high-performance computing facilities, and … for future urban remote sensing research:  high temporal frequency analysis, characterization of urban heterogeneity, characterization of …
Recent security challenges in cloud computing | N Subramanian, A Jeyaraj - Computers & Electrical Engineering, 2018 - Elsevier | … The over all analysis of Table 2, clearly lists the existing solutions to provide security to VMs. A  comparative analysis of the various proposed … 2 Wang, 2012 Toward Secure and Dependable  Storage Services in Cloud Computing A flexible distributed storage integrity mechanism, …
Real-time tsunami inundation forecast system for tsunami disaster prevention and mitigation | A Musa, O Watanabe, H Matsuoka, H Hokari… - The Journal of …, 2018 - Springer | … Therefore, to achieve the target time, our real-time tsunami inundation forecast system requires  high-performance computing (HPC), and … spatial area, was able to achieve high performance  on the GPU. Amouzgar et al. evaluated the performance for the Japan coastal region (\(…
Blockchain platforms: A compendium | C Saraf, S Sabadra - 2018 IEEE International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The consensus algorithm used is Byzantine fault tolerant Tendermint which provides a  high throughput with the known set of validators. The malicious node can be easily tracked  with the tendermint. Each block in the blockchain has a height assigned to it such that all the …
Google Earth Engine for geo-big data applications: A meta-analysis and systematic review | H Tamiminia, B Salehi, M Mahdianpari… - ISPRS Journal of …, 2020 - Elsevier | … To address the existing challenges in geo-big data analysis, two platforms with different  system architectures are commonly used: cluster-based high performance computing (HPC)  systems and cloud platforms (Ma et al., 2015). In cluster-based systems, huge computational …
Deep k-means: Re-training and parameter sharing with harder cluster assignments for compressing deep convolutions | J Wu, Y Wang, Z Wu, Z Wang… - International …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … Therefore, we first normalize the representational cost in terms of the computational cost  assuming that a global on-chip buffer is employed, … We acknowledge the Texas A&M and Rice  High Performance Research Computing for providing a part of the computing resources used …
Big Data: Deep Learning for financial sentiment analysis | S Sohangir, D Wang, A Pomeranets… - Journal of Big Data, 2018 - Springer | … We applied several neural network models such as long short-term memory, doc2vec,  and convolutional neural … Parsing natural scenes and natural language with recursive  neural networks. In: Proceedings of the 28th international conference on machine learning (ICML-11). …
Multi-dimensional data indexing and range query processing via Voronoi diagram for internet of things | S Wan, Y Zhao, T Wang, Z Gu, QH Abbasi… - … Generation Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … Our approach also includes a hierarchical in-network storage that is capable of responding to  different queries in a timely fashion, with … 100 technical publications in international conferences  and journals. His papers have appeared in the prestigious journals/conferences in the …
Industry 4.0–a glimpse | S Vaidya, P Ambad, S Bhosle - Procedia manufacturing, 2018 - Elsevier | … Peer-review under responsibility of the scientific committee of the 2nd International Conference  on Materials Manufacturing and Design … The data analysis of previously recorded data is  used to find out the threats occurred in different production processes earlier in the industry …
Research on digital image encryption algorithm based on double logistic chaotic map | H Pan, Y Lei, C Jian - … on Image and …, 2018 - jivp-eurasipjournals.springeropen … | … popularization of network technology and digital communication technology in the world, digital  … storage and transmission in the computer network in the civil and military fields. However,  … Her research interests include high-performance computing, grid computing, and network …
A blueprint for demonstrating quantum supremacy with superconducting qubits | C Neill, P Roushan, K Kechedzhi, S Boixo… - …, 2018 - science.sciencemag.org | A key step toward demonstrating a quantum system that can address difficult problems in  physics and chemistry will be performing a computation beyond the capabilities of any  classical computer, thus achieving so-called quantum supremacy. In this study, we used nine …
OPC UA versus ROS, DDS, and MQTT: performance evaluation of industry 4.0 protocols | S Profanter, A Tekat, K Dorofeev… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We used a real-time kernel to ensure high performance and reproducibility on the tests. A  basic evaluation of the setup results in an average round-trip time (RTT) ping of 0.35ms between  the two Linux machines. A measurement of the bandwidth using the Linux iperf command …
Classification with costly features using deep reinforcement learning | J Janisch, T Pevný, V Lisý - Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on …, 2019 - ojs.aaai.org | We study a classification problem where each feature can be acquired for a cost and the  goal is to optimize a trade-off between the expected classification error and the feature cost.  We revisit a former approach that has framed the problem as a sequential decision-making …
Validating quantum computers using randomized model circuits | AW Cross, LS Bishop, S Sheldon, PD Nation… - Physical Review A, 2019 - APS | We introduce a single-number metric, quantum volume, that can be measured using a  concrete protocol on near-term quantum computers of modest size (n≲ 50), and measure it on  several state-of-the-art transmon devices, finding values as high as 16. The quantum volume is …
Improving the Energy Efficiency in Mobile Ad-Hoc Network Using Learning-Based Routing. | VV Aroulanandam, TP Latchoumi… - Rev. d'Intelligence …, 2020 - scholar.archive.org | … used in the present work to improve the energy efficiency and the nature of the network's  data handling. DRC design focuses on selecting the … UIP-A smart web application to manage  network environments, In Proceedings of the Third International Conference on Computational …
Tensorfuzz: Debugging neural networks with coverage-guided fuzzing | A Odena, C Olsson, D Andersen… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … We introduce testing techniques for neural networks that can discover errors occurring only for  rare inputs. Specifically, we develop … Moreover, Reluplex works by analyzing the description  of a ReLU network as a piecewise linear function, using a theoretical model in which all of …
A novel hybrid antlion optimization algorithm for multi-objective task scheduling problems in cloud computing environments | L Abualigah, A Diabat - Cluster Computing, 2021 - Springer | … machines are obtained from a real-world log-traces (HPC2N Seth log-trace [82]) to model  high-performance computing jobs/tasks and Feitelson’s … Task scheduling using modified pso  algorithm in cloud computing environment. In: International conference on machine learning, …
Rigging the lottery: Making all tickets winners | U Evci, T Gale, J Menick, PS Castro… - International …, 2020 - proceedings.mlr.press | … memory and computational cost proportional to density of the network. • We perform an  extensive empirical evaluation of RigL on computer vision and natural language tasks. We show  that RigL achieves higher quality than all previous techniques for a given computational cost. …
Memory devices and applications for in-memory computing | A Sebastian, M Le Gallo, R Khaddam-Aljameh… - Nature …, 2020 - nature.com | … This could prompt many chip manufacturers to sustain older technology nodes but instead  equip the chips with high performance computing engines such as computational memory.  Note that most of the memristive device technologies are amenable to back end of line …
A wearable sensor-based activity prediction system to facilitate edge computing in smart healthcare system | MZ Uddin - Journal of Parallel and Distributed Computing, 2019 - Elsevier | … To handle the huge data from the devices and sensors, the data are transferred to clouds  for high-performance computing and vast data storage. Such combination of cloud and IoT (Cloud–IoT)  can make the healthcare system eligible for real-time applications. However, it is still …
Fog data analytics: A taxonomy and process model | A Kumari, S Tanwar, S Tyagi, N Kumar… - … Network and Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … of services are managed remotely and other are managed at the edge of a network. FC has  aimed to achieve high efficiency and reduces the volume of data, which need to be sent to  CC for storage, processing and further analysis. In addition, FC can also be used to achieve …
Performance analysis of hyperledger fabric platforms | Q Nasir, IA Qasse, M Abu Talib… - … Communication Networks, 2018 - hindawi.com | … In this paper, we will first conduct a performance analysis of the two versions of Hyperledger  Fabric, v0.6 and v1.0. The … execution time, latency, and throughput, by varying the workload  in each platform up to 10,000 transactions. Second, we will analyze the scalability of the two …
Learning shape templates with structured implicit functions | K Genova, F Cole, D Vlasic, A Sarna… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Further, we show that the network learns to associate each shape element with similar structures  in each shape: for example, the tail fin of an … We hypothesize that, as a matter of optimization,  the smooth solution is “easier” for the network to learn, but analyzing the causes of this …
An innovative IPFS-based storage model for blockchain | Q Zheng, Y Li, P Chen, X Dong - … ACM International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … -based blockchain data storage model to solve this problem. In this paper, the miners  deposit the transaction data into the IPFS network and pack the returned … In summary, IPFS is  a secure, high-throughput, content addressed blocN storage model that supports high-capacity …
Wireless Sensor Networks in oil and gas industry: Recent advances, taxonomy, requirements, and open challenges | MY Aalsalem, WZ Khan, W Gharibi, MK Khan… - … of network and computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Temperature cross correlation analysis is performed in order to control the occurrence of rifts  and leaks in the pipeline network. … and using Radio Frequency (RF) transmission module  (IEEE 802.15.4) it receives the measured signals and the analyzed results. Evaluation of the …
Feature-critic networks for heterogeneous domain generalization | Y Li, Y Yang, W Zhou… - International Conference …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … In this section, we provide a unified analysis of the generalization properties of learning  with random Fourier features. We start with a bound for learning with the mean squared error  loss function and then extend our results to problems with Lipschitz continuous loss functions. …
Tutorial: Photonic neural networks in delay systems | D Brunner, B Penkovsky, BA Marquez… - Journal of Applied …, 2018 - aip.scitation.org | … amounts of data and of economic high-performance computing devices. Optimizing ANNs to  … A second major driving force is the off-the-shelf availability of high-performance computing  … demonstration of large scale and high performance ANNs in physical substrates. While these …
A device performance and data analytics concept for smartphones' IoT services and machine-type communication in cellular networks | KA Ogudo, D Muwawa Jean Nestor, O Ibrahim Khalaf… - Symmetry, 2019 - mdpi.com | … In this paper, we discuss the global concept of IoT and machine-type communication (MTC),  and we conduct device … In Figure 7, the analytics result is based on the throughput. We  can see that, for 4G technology, Android-based devices present high throughput in video …
GLADNet: Low-light enhancement network with global awareness | W Wang, C Wei, W Yang, J Liu - … IEEE International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Considering that, we propose a GLobal illuminationAware and Detail-preserving Network  (GLADNet). The input image is rescaled to a … In this paper, we propose a GLobal  illumination-Aware and Detail-preserving Network (GLADNet). The architecture of the proposed …
Hybridization of firefly and improved multi-objective particle swarm optimization algorithm for energy efficient load balancing in cloud computing environments | AFS Devaraj, M Elhoseny, S Dhanasekaran… - … Distributed Computing, 2020 - Elsevier | … She published more than 100 research papers in international journals in the area big data  analytics and data sciences and she published ten research papers in international conference  proceedings. She is an author for the big data analytics book and currently she is working …
Blochie: a blockchain-based platform for healthcare information exchange | S Jiang, J Cao, H Wu, Y Yang, M Ma… - … international conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … FAIR-FIRST is used when fairness is critical in the system while TP&FAIR sacrifices a little  fairness for higher throughput. The two packing … to use TP&FAIR for high throughput and  moderate fairness while EMR-Chain is designed to use FAIR-FIRST since throughput is relatively …
Blockchain-based personal health data sharing system using cloud storage | X Zheng, RR Mukkamala, R Vatrapu… - … 20th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | With the advent of rapid development of wearable technology and mobile computing, huge  amount of personal health-related data is being generated and accumulated on continuous  basis at every moment. These personal datasets contain valuable information and they …
Application of crack identification techniques for an aging concrete bridge inspection using an unmanned aerial vehicle | IH Kim, H Jeon, SC Baek, WH Hong, HJ Jung - Sensors, 2018 - mdpi.com | … To identify and visualize cracks, a high performance computer composed of a CPU (ie, i7-7700,  Intel, Santa Clara, CA, USA), RAM memory of 32.0 GB and a GPU (ie, Geforce GTX 1080 Ti,  NVIDIA, Santa Clara, CA, USA) has been used. Regarding the …
Simba: Scaling deep-learning inference with multi-chip-module-based architecture | YS Shao, J Clemons, R Venkatesan, B Zimmer… - … IEEE/ACM International …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Small-scale inference applications can run on moderately-sized chips, while those  demanding higher performance may require large … influences the efficiency; layers with high  reuse factors, eg, the 3 X 3 convolution in 3[bd]_branch2b, tend to perform computation more …
Tomato leaf disease detection using convolutional neural networks | P Tm, A Pranathi, K SaiAshritha… - … international …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The tomato crop is an important staple in the Indian market with high commercial value and  is produced in large quantities. Diseases are detrimental to the plant's health which in turn  affects its growth. To ensure minimal losses to the cultivated crop, it is crucial to supervise its …
Coupled, physics-based modeling reveals earthquake displacements are critical to the 2018 Palu, Sulawesi tsunami | T Ulrich, S Vater, EH Madden, J Behrens… - Pure and Applied …, 2019 - Springer | … We demonstrate that high-performance computing empowered dynamic rupture modeling  produces well-constrained studies integrating source observations and earthquake physics  very quickly after an event occurs. In the future, such physics-based earthquake–tsunami …
Critical learning periods in deep networks | A Achille, M Rovere, S Soatto - International Conference on …, 2018 - openreview.net | … We show that the initial sensitivity to deficits closely follows changes in the FIM, both global,  as the network first rapidly increases and then decreases the amount of stored information,  and layer-wise, as the network “reorganizes” its effective connectivity in order to optimally …
Set transformer: A framework for attention-based permutation-invariant neural networks | J Lee, Y Lee, J Kim, A Kosiorek… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … We report the performance of the oracle along with the setinput neural networks in Table 3.  We additionally report scores of all models after a single EM update. Overall, the Set Transformer  found accurate parameters and even outperformed the oracles after a single EM update. …
WiDeep: WiFi-based accurate and robust indoor localization system using deep learning | M Abbas, M Elhamshary, H Rizk… - … IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Next, we analyze the effect of different parameters on the WiDeep system performance. Finally,  we compare our system to the state-of-the-art WiFi fingerprinting techniques that are Horus  [6] and DeepFi [8]. … in Proceedings of the 10th international conference on Mobile systems, …
Toward open manufacturing: A cross-enterprises knowledge and services exchange framework based on blockchain and edge computing | Z Li, WM Wang, G Liu, L Liu, J He… - Industrial Management & …, 2018 - emerald.com | … , knowledge-based smart manufacturing system with high efficiency and low energy  consumption. CM is a manufacturing paradigm that use network, cloud computing, IoT, service  computing and manufacturing enabling technologies that transforms manufacturing resources (…
Recurrent experience replay in distributed reinforcement learning | S Kapturowski, G Ostrovski, J Quan… - International …, 2018 - openreview.net | … We observe that restricting the agent’s memory gradually decreases its performance,  indicating its nontrivial use of memory on both domains. Crucially, while the agent trained with  stored state shows higher performance when using the full history, its performance decays much …
Benchmarking distributed stream data processing systems | J Karimov, T Rabl, A Katsifodimos… - … 34th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Dropping connections due to high throughput is considered a system failure. … While  analyzing the performance of systems it is essential to inspect their throughput over time. As we  separate the throughput calculation clearly from the SUT, we retrieve this metric from the driver. …
Blockchain-based public auditing for big data in cloud storage | J Li, J Wu, G Jiang, T Srikanthan - Information Processing & Management, 2020 - Elsevier | … In order to deal with the challenges mentioned above, we analyze the characteristics of public  auditing and blockchain technique, and then construct a blockchain-based public auditing  scheme for cloud storage. Existing methods rely on the Merkle Hash Tree (MHT) to check …
Recent advancements in event processing | M Dayarathna, S Perera - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2018 - dl.acm.org | Event processing (EP) is a data processing technology that conducts online processing of  event information. In this survey, we summarize the latest cutting-edge work done on EP from  both industrial and academic research community viewpoints. We divide the entire field of EP …
Healthcare and patient monitoring using IoT | MA Akkaş, R Sokullu, HE Çetin - Internet of Things, 2020 - Elsevier | … from the wireless sensor network to the central database using the IoT technology. The  performance of the system is evaluated in terms of resiliance as well as correctness of the  collected data in various network topologies and in terms of network stability, and effective range. …
An internet-of-things (IoT) network system for connected safety and health monitoring applications | F Wu, T Wu, MR Yuce - Sensors, 2019 - mdpi.com | This paper presents a hybrid wearable sensor network system towards the Internet of Things  (IoT) connected safety and health monitoring applications. The system is aimed at improving  safety in the outdoor workplace. The proposed system consists of a wearable body area …
Cyber security in smart cities: a review of deep learning-based applications and case studies | D Chen, P Wawrzynski, Z Lv - Sustainable Cities and Society, 2021 - Elsevier | … , software-defined network (SDN), and long short-term memory (LSTM) network for a secure  smart … layer based on DL provides cost-effective and high-performance computing resources.  … producing higher efficiency and lower power consumption in terms of energy efficiency and …
Real-time data processing scheme using big data analytics in internet of things based smart transportation environment | M Babar, F Arif - … of Ambient Intelligence and Humanized Computing, 2019 - Springer | … This paper proposes architecture to perform real-time data processing in order to analyze …  In: IEEE 13th international symposium on high performance computer architecture, pp 13–24…  In: 11th international conference on signal-image technology and internet-based systems (…
Bayesian nonparametric federated learning of neural networks | M Yurochkin, M Agarwal, S Ghosh… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … We also demonstrate enhanced performance when additional communication is allowed.  Learning with single communication First we consider a scenario where a global neural  network needs to be constructed with a single communication round. This imitates the real-world …
DroidDet: effective and robust detection of android malware using static analysis along with rotation forest model | HJ Zhu, ZH You, ZX Zhu, WL Shi, X Chen, L Cheng - Neurocomputing, 2018 - Elsevier | … analysis method, which inherits the advantages of low cost and high efficiency. … international  meetings, such as ISB 2012, ISB 2013, ISB 2014, ISB 2016, and TBC 2014. His major research  interests include computational biology, bioinformatics, systems biology, complex network…
Pifu: Pixel-aligned implicit function for high-resolution clothed human digitization | S Saito, Z Huang, R Natsume… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … We demonstrate high-resolution and robust reconstructions on real world images from the  DeepFashion dataset, which contains a variety … range of challenging real-world and unconstrained  images of clothed subjects. We also show for the first time, high-resolution examples of …
DL-Droid: Deep learning based android malware detection using real devices | MK Alzaylaee, SY Yerima, S Sezer - Computers & Security, 2020 - Elsevier | … Security Research in the School of Electronics Electrical Engineering and Computer … high  performance content processing and is currently commercialized by Titan IC Systems. He has  co-authored over 120 conference and journal papers in the area of highperformance network…
Multi-step forecasting for big data time series based on ensemble learning | A Galicia, R Talavera-Llames, A Troncoso… - Knowledge-Based …, 2019 - Elsevier | … The SVM algorithm was recently adapted to the field of high performance computing giving  rise to parallel SVMs [20]. Based on Spark, several … The experimentation was conducted  using high-performance computing resources on the Open Telekom Cloud Platform with five …
Forecasting economics and financial time series: ARIMA vs. LSTM | S Siami-Namini, AS Namin - arXiv preprint arXiv:1803.06386, 2018 - arxiv.org | … network library, and Theano, a numerical computation library, both for Python. The experiments  were executed on a cluster of high performance computing … To implement the algorithm,  Keras library along with Theano were installed on a cluster of high performance computing …
Task scheduling in cloud computing based on hybrid moth search algorithm and differential evolution | M Abd Elaziz, S Xiong, KPN Jayasena, L Li - Knowledge-Based Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … The cloudlets were produced from HPC2N which is Sweden standard formatted workload  trace log of a high performance computing. Each row in the workload denoted as a cloudlet,  in the first column we get the id of each cloudlet, the length of the cloudlet extracted from the …
AES-128 based secure low power communication for LoRaWAN IoT environments | KL Tsai, YL Huang, FY Leu, I You, YL Huang… - Ieee …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, more gateways are required to increase its network performance. Bankov et al.  [34] analyzed the limitations of LoRaWAN performance by using mathematical analysis and  experimental simulation. According to LoRaWAN specifications, the total amount of data …
A novel report on architecture, protocols and applications in Internet of Things (IoT) | RP Kumar, S Smys - 2018 2nd International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper provides an overview of the Internet of Things (IoT) with emphasis on enabling  Architecture, protocols, and application issues. The IoT is enabled by the latest developments  in RFID, smart sensors, communication technologies, and Internet protocols. The basic …
An IoT-oriented offloading method with privacy preservation for cloudlet-enabled wireless metropolitan area networks | Z Xu, R Gu, T Huang, H Xiang, X Zhang, L Qi, X Xu - Sensors, 2018 - mdpi.com | … to the cloudlets for processing and storage through the access points (APs) in the Wireless  Metropolitan Area Networks (WMANs). Since most … for Energy-Performance Trade-off in Clouds.  In Proceedings of the 18th International Conference on High Performance Computing and …
Intelligent computing & optimization | P Vasant, I Zelinka, GW Weber - 2018 - books.google.com | … international conference is to bring together the global research scholars, experts, and  scientists in the research areas of Intelligent Computing and Optimization from all over the world  … This conference provides a golden opportunity for global research community to interact and …
Electricity theft detection in smart grid systems: A CNN-LSTM based approach | M Hasan, RN Toma, AA Nahid, MM Islam, JM Kim - Energies, 2019 - mdpi.com | … analyze features to identify fraudulent consumers using an artificial neural network (ANN)-based  approach. Another technique in [21] has shown better fraud detection efficiency … To ensure  reliability and robustness of the experimental analysis, we used underneath performance …
NiftyNet: a deep-learning platform for medical imaging | E Gibson, W Li, C Sudre, L Fidon, DI Shakir… - Computer methods and …, 2018 - Elsevier | Background and objectives Medical image analysis and computer-assisted intervention  problems are increasingly being addressed with deep-learning-based solutions. Established  deep-learning platforms are flexible but do not provide specific functionality for medical image …
Perspective: A review on memristive hardware for neuromorphic computation | C Sung, H Hwang, IK Yoo - Journal of Applied Physics, 2018 - aip.scitation.org | … Kim, “SiGe epitaxial memory for neuromorphic computing with reproducible high performance  based on engineered dislocations,” Nat. … Kudithipudi, “Ziksa: On-chip learning accelerator  with memristor crossbars for multilevel neural networks,” in IEEE International Symposium on …
Hybrid Cloud: An Inter Cloud Communication Mechanism | MS Raghunandan - … 2018 International Conference on Cloud Computing …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … SCSI (Small Computer Systems Interface) was a protocol that was typically popular for  mapping block oriented storage in large network based logical storage [7]. However, due to  the inability for communicating data over larger network storage area that were separate by …
Blockchain with Internet of Things: Benefits, challenges, and future directions. | HF Atlam, A Alenezi, MO Alassafi… - International Journal of …, 2018 - academia.edu | … data centers and will distribute computation and storage needs across the billions of devices  that form IoT networks. In addition, working with … IoT security and privacy, Cloud computing  security, Blockchain, Big data, digital forensics, computer networking and image processing. …
Systematic survey of big data and data mining in internet of things | S Shadroo, AM Rahmani - Computer Networks, 2018 - Elsevier | … and water heaters are connected to an IoT network and controlled remotely. Methods such as  big data and data mining can be used to improve the efficiency of IoT and storage challenges  of a large data volume and the transmission, analysis, and processing of the data volume …
Blockchain: A survey on functions, applications and open issues | Y Lu - Journal of Industrial Integration and Management, 2018 - World Scientific | … and conference proceedings. This paper deeply analyzes the basic features and categories  of blockchain and delineates the practical applications. The aim is to find the development  prospects of blockchains through analysis of … of network software services. In Ubiquitous …
Edge computing: A survey | WZ Khan, E Ahmed, S Hakak, I Yaqoob… - … Generation Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … communicate with the network and perform computing tasks such as storage and processing…  Simulation results verify high performance when deploying intelligent computing systems in …  program committe technical member for various international conferences held in China, Gulf…
Big data analytics for wireless and wired network design: A survey | MS Hadi, AQ Lawey, TEH El-Gorashi… - Computer Networks, 2018 - Elsevier | … the networks, along with the distributed modern high-performance computing platforms, can  lead to new cost-effective design space (eg reducing total cost of ownership by employing  dynamic Virtual Network … supplied through 123 Gbps links with low cost and high performance. …
Blockchain-based systems and applications: a survey | J Zhang, S Zhong, T Wang, HC Chao… - Journal of Internet …, 2020 - jit.ndhu.edu.tw | … Based on the above analysis, we summarize the structures of supply chain traceability  system based on blockchain in Figure 2, and we … technology, the traditional ecosystem of the  IoT can be further improved, and the IoT devices can run with higher efficiency and security. …
Situating ecology as a big-data science: current advances, challenges, and solutions | SS Farley, A Dawson, SJ Goring, JW Williams - BioScience, 2018 - academic.oup.com | … Contemporary climate analytics often work with datasets too large to be transferred across  networks, promoting the development of Climate Analytics-as-a-Service, which integrate data  storage and high-performance computing to perform data-proximal analytics (Schnase et al. )…
Fog computing-based intelligent healthcare system for the detection and prevention of mosquito-borne diseases | V Vijayakumar, D Malathi… - Computers in Human …, 2019 - Elsevier | … It integrates the physical world where we all live and cyber space where health information  is processed. In this article, fog and cloud computing is integrated to form cyber space for data  analysis which combines with physical world for data acquisition and communication. Thus …
Agent-based Internet of Things: State-of-the-art and research challenges | C Savaglio, M Ganzha, M Paprzycki, C Bădică… - … Generation Computer …, 2020 - Elsevier | … (which reflect the ones of the real world), agent-based simulation is a natural approach for  understanding and managing the global dynamic of complex systems, like distribution and supply  networks, social sciences, etc. … Main findings of this analysis are summarized in Table 2. …
MAD-GAN: Multivariate anomaly detection for time series data with generative adversarial networks | D Li, D Chen, B Jin, L Shi, J Goh, SK Ng - International Conference on …, 2019 - Springer | Many real-world cyber-physical systems (CPSs) are engineered for mission-critical tasks and  usually are prime targets for cyber-attacks. The rich sensor data in CPSs can be continuously  monitored for intrusion events through anomaly detection. On one hand, conventional …
ThunderSVM: A fast SVM library on GPUs and CPUs | Z Wen, J Shi, Q Li, B He, J Chen - The Journal of Machine Learning …, 2018 - jmlr.org | … In addition to the high efficiency, we design our convex optimization solver in a general way  such that SVC, SVR, and one-class SVMs share the same solver for the ease of maintenance.  Documentation, examples, and more about ThunderSVM are available at https://github.com…
A survey of IoT applications in blockchain systems: Architecture, consensus, and traffic modeling | L Lao, Z Li, S Hou, B Xiao, S Guo, Y Yang - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … While it initially works on a distributed network supported by mostly high performance machines,  special optimization now supported by major blockchains such as Bitcoin and Ethereum  is used for devices with trivial computation power, such as smartphones and pocket PCs. …
PermDNN: Efficient compressed DNN architecture with permuted diagonal matrices | C Deng, S Liao, Y Xie, KK Parhi… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Table XI shows that PERMDNN achieves 11.51× higher throughput and 3.89× better  energy efficiency. As discussed in Section III-H, … Considering the importance of meomory  in highperformance DNN hardware, [42]–[46] extensively study better utilization of memory in …
Fog computing: from architecture to edge computing and big data processing | SP Singh, A Nayyar, R Kumar, A Sharma - The Journal of Supercomputing, 2019 - Springer | … This supports protocols for communication, mobility, resources to perform computing,  distributed analysis of data and … computing and cloud computing are two different technologies,  but they work together to provide greater response time, higher efficiency and better performance…
Industry 4.0 and health: Internet of things, big data, and cloud computing for healthcare 4.0 | G Aceto, V Persico, A Pescapé - Journal of Industrial Information Integration, 2020 - Elsevier | … By selectively analyzing the literature, we systematically survey how the adoption of the  above-mentioned Industry 4.0 technologies (and their integration) applied to the health domain  is changing the way to provide traditional services and products. In this paper, we provide (i) a …
GraphR: Accelerating graph processing using ReRAM | L Song, Y Zhuo, X Qian, H Li… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … As a result, the architecture will mostly enjoy the benefits of more parallelism in computation  and higher ratio between computation and data movements. Performing computation in ReRAM  also enables near data processing with reduced data movements: the data do not need …
FP-BNN: Binarized neural network on FPGA | S Liang, S Yin, L Liu, W Luk, S Wei - Neurocomputing, 2018 - Elsevier | Deep neural networks (DNNs) have attracted significant attention for their excellent accuracy  especially in areas such as computer vision and artificial intelligence. To enhance their  performance, technologies for their hardware acceleration are being studied. FPGA technology …
Overview and comparison of gate level quantum software platforms | R LaRose - Quantum, 2019 - quantum-journal.org | … Through a paid subscription service to Azure cloud, one can get access to high performance  computing that enables simulation of more … ProjectQ ProjectQ comes with a high performance  C++ simulator that performed the best in our local testing. The maximum size circuit we …
Real-time human activity recognition from accelerometer data using Convolutional Neural Networks | A Ignatov - Applied Soft Computing, 2018 - Elsevier | … We propose using Convolutional Neural Networks for local feature extraction together with  simple statistical features that preserve information about the global form of time series.  Furthermore, we investigate the impact of time series length on the recognition accuracy and limit it …
A blockchain future for internet of things security: a position paper | M Banerjee, J Lee, KKR Choo - Digital Communications and Networks, 2018 - Elsevier | … The system can be used offline and provides high throughput. In the approach, all files  available in the system are checked, in the sense … a digital signature algorithm to achieve high  throughput and security and reduced overheads in MANETs. The performance of the proposed …
Scalable molecular dynamics on CPU and GPU architectures with NAMD | JC Phillips, DJ Hardy, JDC Maia, JE Stone… - The Journal of …, 2020 - aip.scitation.org | … and biomolecular applications of a generous share of high-performance computing resources,  which could be readily consumed by other … ,” in Proceedings of the International Conference  on High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis, SC’14 (IEEE Press, …
The impact of the hybrid platform of internet of things and cloud computing on healthcare systems: opportunities, challenges, and open problems | A Darwish, AE Hassanien, M Elhoseny… - … Humanized Computing, 2019 - Springer | … Also, this paper aims to present the state of the art and gap analysis of different levels of  integration components, analyzing different existing … In: Proceedings of the 4th international  symposium on applied sciences in biomedical and communication technologies, ACM, p 131 …
Review on application of drone systems in precision agriculture | UMR Mogili, B Deepak - Procedia computer science, 2018 - Elsevier | … This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)  Peer-review under responsibility of the scientific committee of the International Conference  on Robotics and Smart Manufacturing. This is an open access article …
Internet of things (IoT) and agricultural unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) in smart farming: a comprehensive review | AD Boursianis, MS Papadopoulou, P Diamantoulakis… - Internet of Things, 2020 - Elsevier | Internet of Things (IoT) and Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) are two hot technologies  utilized in cultivation fields, which transform traditional farming practices into a new era of  precision agriculture. In this paper, we perform a survey of the last research on IoT and UAV …
A multi-sensor data fusion enabled ensemble approach for medical data from body sensor networks | M Muzammal, R Talat, AH Sodhro, S Pirbhulal - Information Fusion, 2020 - Elsevier | … In this section, we present the results and the analysis. … that the KeRF ensemble is better  than the random forest and the results from KeRF show a significantly higher true positive rate  as compared with the random forest. In summary, the accuracy analysis of the two classifiers …
Adacomp: Adaptive residual gradient compression for data-parallel distributed training | CY Chen, J Choi, D Brand, A Agrawal… - … of the AAAI Conference …, 2018 - ojs.aaai.org | … In our work, we apply a novel scheme that exploits both sparsity and quantization to achieve  much higher end-to-end compression rates and demonstrate that <1% degradation is achievable  in many state of art networks (eg ResNet50 for ImageNet) as well as other application …
Scheduling dynamic workloads in multi-tenant scientific workflow as a service platforms | MA Rodriguez, R Buyya - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … We define the sharing of data between tasks to take place via a global storage system such  as Amazon S3. In this way, tasks store their output in the global storage and retrieve their  inputs from the same. We assume a global storage system with sufficient storage capacity and …
Performance analysis of google colaboratory as a tool for accelerating deep learning applications | T Carneiro, RVM Da Nóbrega, T Nepomuceno… - IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … This section presents background information and provides an overview of related contributions  in the literature that investigate the viability of cloud services for processing highperformance  computing applications. The remainder of this section is organized as follows. Section II-…
Decentralized IoT data management using blockchain and trusted execution environment | G Ayoade, V Karande, L Khan… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this work, we leveraged the immutability of the blockchain network to store audit information  on how IoT data is stored and read by users. One of the main limitation of using blockchain  is the scalability problem. This limitation is not pertinent to our solution, since the data is not …
Off-policy deep reinforcement learning without exploration | S Fujimoto, D Meger, D Precup - International Conference …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | Many practical applications of reinforcement learning constrain agents to learn from a fixed  batch of data which has already been gathered, without offering further possibility for data  collection. In this paper, we demonstrate that due to errors introduced by extrapolation, standard …
Design and implementation of cloud analytics-assisted smart power meters considering advanced artificial intelligence as edge analytics in demand-side … | YY Chen, YH Lin, CC Kung, MH Chung, I Yen - Sensors, 2019 - mdpi.com | … networks (ANNs) used to perform (on-line) load monitoring in this work, analyzes collected  data at sensor points rather than waiting for data collected and transmitted to a cloud/on-premise  server for further data analysis. In … In computer networking, NAT redirects HTTP requests …
Deep learning in big data analytics: a comparative study | B Jan, H Farman, M Khan, M Imran, IU Islam… - Computers & Electrical …, 2019 - Elsevier | … The representation of data has quite an effect on machine learner's performance. A good data  representation can result in high performance, even if … Khan published over 40 International  conference and Journal papers along with two book chapters in Springer and CRC press. …
Crop phenomics: current status and perspectives | C Zhao, Y Zhang, J Du, X Guo, W Wen, S Gu… - Frontiers in Plant …, 2019 - frontiersin.org | … , math and engineering sciences, and combines high-performance computing and artificial  intelligence technology to explore multifarious … to measure anatomical features in high  throughput. Those tools have significantly improved the measurement efficiency of vascular bundle, …
PowerSGD: Practical low-rank gradient compression for distributed optimization | T Vogels, SP Karimireddy, M Jaggi - 2019 - proceedings.neurips.cc | … We demonstrate reduced training times for convolutional networks as well as LSTMs on  common datasets. Our code is available at https://… While these works demonstrate speedups  over full-precision SGD in some settings, we find that their speedups vanish with a fast network …
Hybrid-iot: Hybrid blockchain architecture for internet of things-pow sub-blockchains | G Sagirlar, B Carminati, E Ferrari… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Since we first observed that PoW blockchains containing few hundreds of geographically  close IoT devices have high performance (ie, high transaction … In this work, we only deal with  the first step, that is, analyzing the performance and security of the PoW sub-blockchain setting. …
The rise of “blockchain”: bibliometric analysis of blockchain study | A Firdaus, MF Ab Razak, A Feizollah, IAT Hashem… - Scientometrics, 2019 - Springer | … As seen in the table, the sources for articles that received citations encompass the IEEE  Thirteenth international conference (row one), the IEEE security and privacy workshops (row  two), the IEEE Access (row three), and the IEEE symposium on security and privacy (row five). …
Effective features to classify big data using social internet of things | SK Lakshmanaprabu, K Shankar, A Khanna… - IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … He is editorial board member of the IEEE Access, Computational Intelligence and Neuroscience,  Journal … high-reputed journals, and TPC member of many international conferences. He  has authored or coauthored over 160 papers in refereed international journals, conferences…
{SOCK}: Rapid task provisioning with serverless-optimized containers | E Oakes, L Yang, D Zhou, K Houck, T Harter… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … In this work, we analyze Linux container primitives, identifying scalability bottlenecks  related to storage and network isolation. We also analyze Python applications from GitHub  and show that importing many popular libraries adds about 100 ms to startup. Based on these …
Machine learning on mobile: An on-device inference app for skin cancer detection | X Dai, I Spasić, B Meyer, S Chapman… - … Fourth International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , where the classification model is pre-trained and stored on a mobile device, where it is used  to perform classification of new data, which, … In this study, we solved this problem by performing  the training phase on a powerful computer and the inference phase on a mobile device …
Performance comparison of intrusion detection systems and application of machine learning to Snort system | SAR Shah, B Issac - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … performance of two open source intrusion detection systems (IDSs) namely Snort and Suricata  for accurately detecting the malicious traffic on computer networks… They were both proved  to be efficient and high performing IDS, though each had its own strengths and weaknesses. …
Leveraging blockchain for retraining deep learning architecture in patient-specific arrhythmia classification | A Juneja, M Marefat - … IEEE EMBS International Conference on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Stacked Denoising Autoencoders (SDA) are deep networks which have gained popularity  owing to their superior performance in image classification applications, but they haven't  been used much in healthcare applications. SDA can be efficiently retrained to adapt to large …
A new architecture of Internet of Things and big data ecosystem for secured smart healthcare monitoring and alerting system | G Manogaran, R Varatharajan, D Lopez… - … Generation Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | Wearable medical devices with sensor continuously generate enormous data which is often  called as big data mixed with structured and unstructured data. Due to the complexity of the  data, it is difficult to process and analyze the big data for finding valuable information that can …
Graph u-nets | H Gao, S Ji - international conference on machine learning, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | We consider the problem of representation learning for graph data. Convolutional neural  networks can naturally operate on images, but have significant challenges in dealing with  graph data. Given images are special cases of graphs with nodes lie on 2D lattices, graph …
Task-independent eeg identification via low-rank matrix decomposition | X Kong, W Kong, Q Fan, Q Zhao… - 2018 IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Later, we analyzed and compared the effects of different ranks and time length scales on  identification accuracy. Furthermore, comparing … 1) Identification Accuracy Analysis: From  Table I to V, we can see the excellent performance of the fast LRMD algorithm with RQ kernel. For …
Cambricon-S: Addressing irregularity in sparse neural networks through a cooperative software/hardware approach | X Zhou, Z Du, Q Guo, S Liu, C Liu… - … /ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Here we analyze the coarse-grained pruned network for accelerator design principles, using  a fully-connected layer as a driving example (… terms of performance and energy efficiency,  respectively, over the dense version, which shows the high performance and efficiency of our …
Hawq: Hessian aware quantization of neural networks with mixed-precision | Z Dong, Z Yao, A Gholami… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Instead, we need to perform multi-stage quantization, where at each stage parts of the  network are quantized to low-precision followed by … -train the whole network at once after the  quantization is performed. The results are shown in Figure 4, where we perform 50 epochs of fine…
A novel hierarchical intrusion detection system based on decision tree and rules-based models | A Ahmim, L Maglaras, MA Ferrag… - … 15th International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … and testing datasets, in order to evaluate their performance in detecting network intrusions  and we compare it with other machine learning … [5] MA Aydın, AH Zaim, and KG Ceylan, “A  hybrid intrusion detection system design for computer network security,” Computers & Electrical …
Social welfare maximization auction in edge computing resource allocation for mobile blockchain | Y Jiao, P Wang, D Niyato… - … international conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Based on our real-world experiment of mobile blockchain, we analyze the probability of  successfully mining a block and verify the probability function. Our simulation results show that  the proposed auction mechanism can not only help the ESP to make practical sale strategies, …
Next generation cloud computing: New trends and research directions | B Varghese, R Buyya - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | The landscape of cloud computing has significantly changed over the last decade. Not only  have more providers and service offerings crowded the space, but also cloud infrastructure  that was traditionally limited to single provider data centers is now evolving. In this paper, we …
Resource provisioning for data-intensive applications with deadline constraints on hybrid clouds using Aneka | AN Toosi, RO Sinnott, R Buyya - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … [14] propose an architecture that provides a platform for the execution of High-Performance  Computing (HPC) scientific applications. The cornerstone of the proposed architecture is  the Elastic Cluster which makes an expandable hybrid cloud environment. Their approach …
DMCNN: Dual-domain multi-scale convolutional neural network for compression artifacts removal | X Zhang, W Yang, Y Hu, J Liu - … IEEE International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, JPEG compression inevitably introduces various kinds of artifacts, especially at  high compression rates, which could greatly affect the Quality of Experience (QoE). Recently,  convolutional neural network (CNN) based methods have shown excellent performance for …
Autogan: Neural architecture search for generative adversarial networks | X Gong, S Chang, Y Jiang… - … International Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | Neural architecture search (NAS) has witnessed prevailing success in image classification  and (very recently) segmentation tasks. In this paper, we present the first preliminary study on  introducing the NAS algorithm to generative adversarial networks (GANs), dubbed AutoGAN…
A practical evaluation on RSA and ECC-based cipher suites for IoT high-security energy-efficient fog and mist computing devices | M Suárez-Albela, P Fraga-Lamas… - Sensors, 2018 - mdpi.com | … Cloud-centric architectures allow for providing complex services with high demands on  computational power, data storage and network … Although the emergence of cloud computing  solutions democratized the access to High Performance Computing (HPC) capabilities, its …
Establishing the quantum supremacy frontier with a 281 pflop/s simulation | B Villalonga, D Lyakh, S Boixo, H Neven… - Quantum Science …, 2020 - iopscience.iop.org | … to perform certain tasks which surpass the capabilities of classical high-performance computer  … -SH functionality, which was the key to achieving high performance in this work, is the  out-of-… higher performance for tensor contractions (this is an indirect conclusion based on the …
Solid-state polymer electrolytes for high-performance lithium metal batteries | S Choudhury, S Stalin, D Vu, A Warren, Y Deng… - Nature …, 2019 - nature.com | … based on crosslinked polymer networks can address all of these … analyses, we show that  manipulating thermodynamic interactions between polymer segments covalently anchored in  the network and “free” segments belonging to an oligomeric electrolyte hosted in the network …
Multi-sink distributed power control algorithm for cyber-physical-systems in coal mine tunnels | W Wei, X Xia, M Wozniak, X Fan, R Damaševičius… - Computer Networks, 2019 - Elsevier | … He is a scientific supervisor in editions of "the Diamond Grant" and "The Best of the Best"  programs for highly gifted students from the Polish Ministry of Science and Higher Education.  Marcin Wozniak was/is organizer and session chair on various international conferences and …
Predicting disruptive instabilities in controlled fusion plasmas through deep learning | J Kates-Harbeck, A Svyatkovskiy, W Tang - Nature, 2019 - nature.com | … We address these issues with three levels of parallelism, which together enable the  engagement of high-performance computing (HPC) at the largest scale in order to reduce the  time to solution. First, graphical processing unit (GPU) computing accelerates training over single-…
Survey on computational-intelligence-based UAV path planning | Y Zhao, Z Zheng, Y Liu - Knowledge-Based Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Computational intelligence (CI) is a set of nature-inspired computational methodologies and  approaches for addressing complex real-world problems for which mathematical or traditional  modelling does not perform … The analysis is useful for identifying key results from UAV path …
Non-linear adaptive closed-loop control system for improved efficiency in IoT-blockchain management | R Casado-Vara, P Chamoso, F De la Prieta, J Prieto… - Information …, 2019 - Elsevier | … This means that the monitoring and control of these networks and the transfer of packets from  the IoT network to the server can cause … volume of data stored in the databases the monitoring  of the IoT network needs very powerful servers to have a high degree of efficiency. This …
Learning longer-term dependencies in rnns with auxiliary losses | T Trinh, A Dai, T Luong, Q Le - International Conference on …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … Our results highlight good performance and resource efficiency of this approach over  competitive baselines, including other recurrent models and a comparable sized Transformer.  Further analyses reveal beneficial effects of the auxiliary loss on optimization and regularization, …
Vehicular cloud computing: Architectures, applications, and mobility | A Boukerche, E Robson - Computer networks, 2018 - Elsevier | … By analyzing the existing traffic models, we found that Vehicular Cloud computing is  technologically feasible not just in the static environment, like a parking lot or garage where  vehicles are stationary, but also the dynamic scenarios, such as highways or streets where vehicles …
Internet of Health Things: Toward intelligent vital signs monitoring in hospital wards | CA Da Costa, CF Pasluosta, B Eskofier… - Artificial intelligence in …, 2018 - Elsevier | … Such data is sometimes stored in spreadsheets, not forming part of patients’ electronic  health records, and is therefore difficult for caregivers to combine and analyze. One possible  solution to overcome these limitations is the interconnection of medical devices via the Internet …
Taxonomy and analysis of security protocols for Internet of Things | AK Das, S Zeadally, D He - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Performance comparison of key management schemes In Table 4, we compare the storage,  communication and computation overheads, and secure network connectivity among the  random key pre-distribution schemes, such as EG [39], q -composite [40], polynomial-pool [44] …
A new agent-based method for QoS-aware cloud service composition using particle swarm optimization algorithm | A Naseri, NJ Navimipour - … Intelligence and Humanized Computing, 2019 - Springer | … It is widely used in various information technology services, such as parallel computing,  visualization, network storage technologies, utility computing, service-oriented … In: Proceedings  of the sixth international symposium on micro machine and human science, MHS'95. IEEE …
Applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning in smart cities | Z Ullah, F Al-Turjman, L Mostarda… - Computer Communications, 2020 - Elsevier | Smart cities are aimed to efficiently manage growing urbanization, energy consumption,  maintain a green environment, improve the economic and living standards of their citizens,  and raise the people’s capabilities to efficiently use and adopt the modern information and …
A capillary computing architecture for dynamic internet of things: Orchestration of microservices from edge devices to fog and cloud providers | S Taherizadeh, V Stankovski, M Grobelnik - Sensors, 2018 - mdpi.com | … Our analysis of differences and similarities among existing Edge and Fog computing  architectures has provided us with necessary insights to propose an innovative, capillary distributed  computing architecture which addresses computational problems of smart IoT applications, …
Identification of apple leaf diseases based on deep convolutional neural networks | B Liu, Y Zhang, DJ He, Y Li - Symmetry, 2018 - mdpi.com | … A special structure named Inception is the main feature of GoogLeNet; it keeps the sparse  network structure, and utilizes an intensive matrix of high-performance computing. As shown  in Figure 6, the Inception consists of parallel 1 × 1, 3 × 3, and 5 × 5 convolutional layers as …
A user-centric data protection method for cloud storage based on invertible DWT | H Qiu, H Noura, M Qiu, Z Ming… - … on Cloud Computing, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , and dispersion with high performance and enhanced level of protection [14]. Fragmentation  methods are introduced for data storage in a cost-… He has over 80 publications including  patents, co-authored a book, gave key notes presentations in international conferences. He is …
Fundus image classification using VGG-19 architecture with PCA and SVD | M Mateen, J Wen, S Song, Z Huang - Symmetry, 2019 - mdpi.com | … computational time and storage. Principal component analysis performs a vital role in  decreasing the dimensional complexity with a high … The functionality of PCA is to shift the high  dimensional feature space to that of a lower dimensionality containing important feature vectors. …
Truncated back-propagation for bilevel optimization | A Shaban, CA Cheng, N Hatch… - … International Conference …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … Although promising empirical performance has been reported, its theoretical properties  are still unclear. In this paper, we analyze the properties of this family of approximate  gradients and establish sufficient conditions for convergence. We validate this on several …
A survey on internet of things and cloud computing for healthcare | LM Dang, M Piran, D Han, K Min, H Moon - Electronics, 2019 - mdpi.com | … it leads to a stringy requirement for data analysis and data storage platform such as cloud  computing and fog computing. Healthcare is one of the … The multispeciality EHR solution in  healthcare organizations brings higher efficiency in managing patient health record and serves …
A quantitative analysis of the impact of arbitrary blockchain content on bitcoin | R Matzutt, J Hiller, M Henze, JH Ziegeldorf… - International Conference …, 2018 - Springer | … We provide the first systematic analysis of the benefits and threats of arbitrary blockchain  content. Our analysis shows that certain content, eg, illegal … Finally, we analyze files stored on  the blockchain to determine if any objectionable content is already present on the blockchain. …
Edge machine learning: Enabling smart internet of things applications | MT Yazici, S Basurra, MM Gaber - Big data and cognitive computing, 2018 - mdpi.com | … In these cases, we suggest a hybrid approach where training takes place on a high  performance computer to minimise the the time required for training. From the results, it is apparent  that SVM and MLP are best to run on lightweight IoT devices, but at the cost of having slightly …
Interpolated convolutional networks for 3d point cloud understanding | J Mao, X Wang, H Li - … IEEE/CVF International Conference …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Model parameters analysis. We report the number of parameters in our classification network  on ModelNet40. Results in Table 8 show that even with the comparable model parameters,  PointNet++ still performs much worse than our approach. InterpCNNs also have fewer …
Computer vision and artificial intelligence in precision agriculture for grain crops: A systematic review | DI Patrício, R Rieder - Computers and electronics in agriculture, 2018 - Elsevier | … The union of these three components: computer vision, machine learning, and high-performance  computing have been shown to be promising in solving different problems in agriculture.  The predictive potential made possible by deep learning, a technique that has gained …
Resource management in fog/edge computing: a survey on architectures, infrastructure, and algorithms | CH Hong, B Varghese - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … The imbalance between lightweight implementations and high performance needs to be  addressed. In fog/edge computing, containers are widely used, because they realize lightweight  virtualization. However, efficient accelerator management in containers has not been …
Towards the decentralised cloud: Survey on approaches and challenges for mobile, ad hoc, and edge computing | AJ Ferrer, JM Marquès, J Jorba - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … This mechanism while being powerful in some cases has been identified as a drawback  in previous mobile cloud computing surveys due to the need of providing two versions of the  same application code [28]. By the use of Ibis High performance computing system Cuckoo …
Big data monetization throughout Big Data Value Chain: a comprehensive review | AZ Faroukhi, I El Alaoui, Y Gahi… - Journal of Big …, 2020 - journalofbigdata.springeropen.com | … In: 2016 6th international conference on information and communication technology for the  Muslim World (ICT4M), p. 304–9. IEEE, Jakarta, … In: 2014 7th international conference on  advanced software engineering and its applications. IEEE, Hainan Island, China; 2014, p. 16–21. …
Cloud computing model selection for e-commerce enterprises using a new 2-tuple fuzzy linguistic decision-making method | O Sohaib, M Naderpour, W Hussain… - Computers & Industrial …, 2019 - Elsevier | … Hence, the purpose of this study is to analyze an e-commerce manager’s decision-making  process and its determinants, in adopting SaaS, PaaS, and/or IaaS as a public cloud  computing model. Following this main aim, our research question is “what are the impacts of …
Performance analysis of IoT-based sensor, big data processing, and machine learning model for real-time monitoring system in automotive manufacturing | M Syafrudin, G Alfian, NL Fitriyani, J Rhee - Sensors, 2018 - mdpi.com | … The latency and throughput of the system was considered and the results showed that Apache  Storm has shorter latency while Spark has higher throughput. Finally, Chatterjee and Morin  performed comparative performance analysis between several data streaming platforms (ie…
Bitcoin price prediction using machine learning | S Velankar, S Valecha, S Maji - … 20th International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The authors made use of MATLAB’s neural network toolbox to build and evaluate the  performance of the network. … Neri Nobre, “The use of artificial neural networks in the analysis  and prediction of stock prices,” in IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics…
А system for monitoring the number and duration of power outages and power quality in 0.38 kV Electrical Networks | A Vinogradov, V Bolshev, A Vinogradova… - International Conference …, 2018 - Springer | … The proposed system for monitoring number and duration of power outages and power quality  in 0.38 kV power networks makes it possible … customer inputs or at several network points,  for example, at the beginning, in the middle or at the end of the power network as well as at …
An exhaustive survey on security and privacy issues in Healthcare 4.0 | JJ Hathaliya, S Tanwar - Computer Communications, 2020 - Elsevier | … Motivated from these facts, this paper presents an extensive literature review and analysis  of state-of-the-art proposals to maintain security and privacy in Healthcare 4.0. We also  explored the blockchain-based solution to give insights to both researchers and practitioners …
Industry 4.0: A solution towards technology challenges of sustainable business performance | M Haseeb, HI Hussain, B Ślusarczyk, K Jermsittiparsert - Social Sciences, 2019 - mdpi.com | … business performance in SMEs in Thailand. A survey has been prepared to collect the data  from managers of SMEs and analyzed with the help of … This analysis is shown in Table 2. The  data has no missing value and free from an outlier. Moreover, it is found that data is normally …
Implementation of an intelligent indoor environmental monitoring and management system in cloud | CT Yang, ST Chen, W Den, YT Wang… - … Generation Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … In our work, we elevate the capability of our system using methods of high performance and  high throughput computing … performance with several technical like index tuning and some  adjustment to provide our data can be read and written with the high-performance computing. …
IoT survey: An SDN and fog computing perspective | O Salman, I Elhajj, A Chehab, A Kayssi - Computer Networks, 2018 - Elsevier | … of data processing and storage is not feasible. New ways to analyze, filter and aggregate this  data at the network edges will be essential in any … Very low latency, high throughput, reliability,  security, and high mobility are the characteristics of this upcoming technology [150]. This …
FOCAN: A Fog-supported smart city network architecture for management of applications in the Internet of Everything environments | PGV Naranjo, Z Pooranian, M Shojafar, M Conti… - … distributed computing, 2019 - Elsevier | … low-latency and high-performance computing for services. These activities will facilitate  the residents’ quality of life and improve the efficiency of services to meet their needs.  Applying FC as a paradigm on top of IoE systems facilitates user services and enables low-latency, …
Hybrid mist-cloud systems for large scale geospatial big data analytics and processing: opportunities and challenges | RK Barik, C Misra, RK Lenka, H Dubey… - Arabian Journal of …, 2019 - Springer | … In: The 23rdk IEEE symposium on high performance computer architecture HPCA 2017, Austin,  IEEE … , Dubey H, Pratik T, Mankodiya K (2017) MistGIS: optimizing geospatial data analysis  using mist computing. In: International conference on computing analytics and networking …
Potential inhibitors for novel coronavirus protease identified by virtual screening of 606 million compounds | A Fischer, M Sellner, S Neranjan, M Smieško… - International journal of …, 2020 - mdpi.com | … of drug discovery that allows to identify potentially bioactive compounds at a high throughput  [30]. In several prior projects, coalescing … In Proceedings of the International Conference  for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis, SC, New Orleans, LA…
Time-series well performance prediction based on Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) neural network model | X Song, Y Liu, L Xue, J Wang, J Zhang, J Wang… - Journal of Petroleum …, 2020 - Elsevier | … Therefore, the generalization ability of LSTM model is superior to the tradition neural network  fully-connected ANN and RNN according to the experimental results. As for the traditional  decline analysis, although it can give a global variation tendency of oil rate, the prediction …
Identification of malicious activities in industrial internet of things based on deep learning models | ALH Muna, N Moustafa, E Sitnikova - Journal of Information security and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … These models learned the hierarchical representation of the network data with high  performance in terms of DR and FPR. However, they have the drawbacks of the computational  costs related to training DBN and the optimization way of network structure based on the maximum-…
Color image chaos encryption algorithm combining CRC and nine palace map | Z Xiong, Y Wu, C Ye, X Zhang, F Xu - Multimedia Tools and Applications, 2019 - Springer | The color image encryption algorithm based on the chaos theory is not strong enough. In this  paper, we proposed a color image chaos encryption algorithm combining Cyclic Redundancy  Check (CRC) and nine palace map. Firstly, the pixel data of the plain image were moved …
Research on image classification model based on deep convolution neural network | M Xin, Y Wang - EURASIP Journal on Image and Video Processing, 2019 - Springer | … Based on the analysis of the error backpropagation algorithm, we propose an innovative  training criterion of depth neural network for maximum interval minimum … using pre-trained  networks (International conference on image processing theory. IEEE, Montreal, 2018), pp. 1–6. …
Intelligent intrusion detection systems using artificial neural networks | A Shenfield, D Day, A Ayesh - ICT Express, 2018 - Elsevier | … The novel approach to malicious network traffic detection proposed in this paper has the  potential to significantly enhance the utility of intrusion detection systems applied to both  conventional network traffic analysis and network traffic analysis for cyber–physical systems such …
IoT enabled cancer prediction system to enhance the authentication and security using cloud computing | M Anuradha, T Jayasankar, NB Prakash… - Microprocessors and …, 2021 - Elsevier | … In his credit, he has fifteen journal publications and fourteen international conference  publications. His area of specialization includes Biosignal Processing and Medical image  processing. His research interests are developing MEMS based medical devices and computerized …
Computing environments for reproducibility: Capturing the “Whole Tale” | A Brinckman, K Chard, N Gaffney, M Hategan… - … Generation Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … He is interested in high performance computations — especially in the domain sciences  where they haven’t been widely adopted, developing new ways of sharing and interacting  with large computational datasets, applying industrial IT solutions to scientific software. …
Internet of Things (IoT): A review of enabling technologies, challenges, and open research issues | A Čolaković, M Hadžialić - Computer Networks, 2018 - Elsevier | … If we use a definition of “Internet” as world-wide network based on TCP/IP, and if we  consider “things” as a semantically various objects, then IoT means a world-wide network of  interconnected objects uniquely addressable, based on standard communication protocols [22]. …
Osiris: Hunting for integer bugs in ethereum smart contracts | CF Torres, J Schütte, R State - … Security Applications Conference, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … All experiments were conducted on our high-performance computing cluster using 10 nodes  with 960 GB of memory. Every node has 2 Intel Xeon L5640 CPUs with 12 cores each and  clocked at 2,26 GHz, running a 64-bit Debian GNU/Linux 8.10 (jessie) with kernel version 3.16…
Parsl: Pervasive parallel programming in python | Y Babuji, A Woodard, Z Li, DS Katz, B Clifford… - … on High-Performance …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Figure 2 shows three such executors: high throughput, extreme scale, and low latency. …  TensorFlow [12] focuses on machine learning applications and can achieve high performance  for linear algebra and other numerical computations. It represents computation as a dataflow …
Large-scale retrieval for medical image analytics: A comprehensive review | Z Li, X Zhang, H Müller, S Zhang - Medical image analysis, 2018 - Elsevier | … to the fields of image processing, computer vision and machine learning, High-performance  Computing (HPC) also plays an … high-performance computing can be adopted in both the  feature extraction/indexing and retrieval, which can dramatically improve the retrieval efficiency …
Ad-iot: Anomaly detection of iot cyberattacks in smart city using machine learning | I Alrashdi, A Alqazzaz, E Aloufi… - … and Conference  …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Furthermore, this work tests only the proposed preliminary model to classify the network  traffic, and thereafter we will … fog network detection systems. To achieve our goal for detecting  IoT attack networks in a smart city, we also plan to use open sources of distributed computing (…
Convolutional-recurrent neural networks for speech enhancement | H Zhao, S Zarar, I Tashev… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Due to the availability of high-quality, large-scale data and the rapidly growing computational  resources, data-driven approaches using regression-based deep neural networks have  attracted much interests and demonstrated substantial performance improvements over …
Creating complex network services with ebpf: Experience and lessons learned | S Miano, M Bertrone, F Risso… - … on High Performance …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In the end, this paper ponders advantages and limits of the eBPF technology, analyzing  its suitability as a platform for the development of future complex network services targeting  mainly virtualized environments. This paper is structured as follows. Section II presents a …
Applying blockchain technology to improve agri-food traceability: A review of development methods, benefits and challenges | H Feng, X Wang, Y Duan, J Zhang, X Zhang - Journal of Cleaner …, 2020 - Elsevier | … The literature analysis reveals that there are fewer published papers on the successful  real-world implementations of blockchain-based food traceability cases. To demonstrate  how … In 2017 international conference on electrical engineering and computer science (ICECOS) …
A deep reinforcement learning-based framework for content caching | C Zhong, MC Gursoy… - … 52nd Annual Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Based on the analysis, our proposed framework will be more suitable for applications that  require robustness and a long-term high performance. b) Efficiency: In this part, we compare  our proposed framework with the Deep Q-learning based caching algorithm. The most …
Tendencies of technologies and platforms in smart cities: a state-of-the-art review | P Chamoso, A González-Briones… - … and Mobile Computing, 2018 - hindawi.com | … This article explores the literature that addresses the topic of Smart Cities; a comprehensive  analysis of the concept and existing platforms is performed. We gain a clear understanding  of the services that a Smart City must provide, the technology it should employ for the …
BPDS: A blockchain based privacy-preserving data sharing for electronic medical records | J Liu, X Li, L Ye, H Zhang, X Du… - … Conference  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , compared with public blockchain, it can control user nodes in or out of the network through  flexible access mechanisms with better privacy preservation. Besides, it has advantages of  lower cost, higher performance and scalability. So far, there have been lots of studies on the …
All-optical spiking neurosynaptic networks with self-learning capabilities | J Feldmann, N Youngblood, CD Wright, H Bhaskaran… - Nature, 2019 - nature.com | … By implementing an all-optical spiking neural network on a nanophotonic chip, we provide  a step towards optical neuromorphic systems, which will benefit from the high bandwidth  and fast signalling properties that come with operating fully in the optical domain 22,23 . …
Big data analytics in medicine and healthcare | B Ristevski, M Chen - Journal of integrative bioinformatics, 2018 - degruyter.com | This paper surveys big data with highlighting the big data analytics in medicine and healthcare.  Big data characteristics: value, volume, velocity, variety, veracity and variability are described.  Big data analytics in medicine and healthcare covers integration and analysis of large …
A survey on chatbot implementation in customer service industry through deep neural networks | M Nuruzzaman, OK Hussain - … 15th International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The purpose of this study is to explore the capability of the deep neural network to engage  in human conversation, while at the same time … Alicebot does not have intelligence features  like NLU, sentiment analysis and grammatical analysis to structure a sentence. In addition, if …
Latency-aware application module management for fog computing environments | R Mahmud, K Ramamohanarao, R Buyya - ACM Transactions on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … , the distance of fog nodes from IoT devices increases, which can be reflected in lower-level  to higher-level uplink latency and delay in service delivery. Compute, storage, and networking  capabilities of lower-level fog nodes are less compared to that of higher-level nodes (…
The blockchain: State-of-the-art and research challenges | Y Lu - Journal of Industrial Information Integration, 2019 - Elsevier | … A distributed database distributes the data in the original centralized database to multiple  data storage nodes connected through the network for greater storage capacity and higher  concurrent access. The blockchain is a distributed ledger technology with different storage …
Deep learning with LSTM based distributed data mining model for energy efficient wireless sensor networks | SN Mohanty, EL Lydia, M Elhoseny… - Physical …, 2020 - Elsevier | … She published more than 100 research papers in international journals in the area big data  analytics and data sciences and she published ten research papers in international conference  proceedings. She is an author for the big data analytics book and currently she is working …
Machine-learning techniques for customer retention: A comparative study | SF Sabbeh - International Journal of Advanced Computer …, 2018 - pdfs.semanticscholar.org | … This paper tries to compare and analyze the performance of different machine-learning  techniques that are used for churn prediction … RF over traditional decision trees is the  protection against overfitting which makes the model able to deliver a high performance [47]-[50]. …
Towards secure network computing services for lightweight clients using blockchain | Y Xu, G Wang, J Yang, J Ren, Y Zhang… - … and Mobile Computing, 2018 - hindawi.com | … Additionally, to ensure the high throughput and low latency, we adopt the efficient  permissioned blockchain together with the PoA consensus engine. The security analysis and the  evaluation results show that our approach protects the lightweight clients from untrusted edge …
Future and challenges of internet of things | F Jindal, R Jamar, P Churi - International Journal of Computer Science …, 2018 - zenodo.net | The world is moving forward at a fast pace, and the credit goes to ever growing technology.  One such concept is IOT (Internet of things) with which automation is no longer a virtual reality.  IOT connects various non-living objects through the internet and enables them to share …
A novel wavelet sequence based on deep bidirectional LSTM network model for ECG signal classification | Ö Yildirim - Computers in biology and medicine, 2018 - Elsevier | … The DULSTM-WS network provides high performance on ECG signals. The training phase of  this network was successfully completed. In … This work presented a new approach to improving  the performance of LSTM structures for ECG signal recognition. This method can also be …
Classification of intrusion detection using data mining techniques | R Sahani, C Rout, JC Badajena, AK Jena… - … analytics and networking, 2018 - Springer | … This paper focuses to identify normal and attack data present in the network with the help of  C4.5 algorithm which is one of the decisions tree techniques, and also it helps to improve the  IDS system to identify the type of attacks present in a network. Experimentation is performed …
BlockSecIoTNet: Blockchain-based decentralized security architecture for IoT network | S Rathore, BW Kwon, JH Park - Journal of Network and Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … a sustainable edge computing network capable of supporting security at the fog layer to  mitigate security threats in the distributed network (… He has been serving as chair, program  committee, or organizing committee chair for many international conferences and workshops. He …
Scrdet: Towards more robust detection for small, cluttered and rotated objects | X Yang, J Yang, J Yan, Y Zhang… - … /CVF International …, 2019 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … Based on the above analysis, we design the finer sampling and feature fusion network (SF-Net)  as shown in Fig. 3. In the anchor based detection framework, the value of SA is equal to the  reduction factor of the feature map relative to the original image. …
Compression of smart meter big data: A survey | L Wen, K Zhou, S Yang, L Li - Renewable and Sustainable Energy …, 2018 - Elsevier | … As a modern infrastructure, the smart grid can find solutions for power system failures with  high efficiency, thus reducing the workforce and providing sustainable, … In: Proceedings of  IEEE international conference on cloud computing and intelligence systems; 2014. p. 487-90. …
Pioneering Chiplet Technology and Design for the AMD EPYC™ and Ryzen™ Processor Families: Industrial Product | S Naffziger, N Beck, T Burd, K Lepak… - … Annual International …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … is taking the theory of chiplet-based architectures and applying it to design real, high-volume,  commercially-successful products. In Section IV, we explain how we started deploying the  chiplet approach in the highperformance CPU server space. However, the post-Moore’s Law …
Evolution of 5G in Internet of medical things | H Magsi, AH Sodhro, FA Chachar… - 2018 international …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The IoMT has the ability to allow devices to perform remotely under existing network  architecture and improves efficiency, accuracy and … for high quality medical services. Now  they will not limited to just their local doctors but they will have access an international network of …
Security issues in vehicular ad-hoc network (VANET) | R Kaur, TP Singh, V Khajuria - … 2nd International conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Over the years, area of Vehicular Ad-hoc Network(VANET) attained vast interest and research  initiatives is also increased due to the range of solutions it can provide. Information safety  is considered as most critical issue in any network system and it also the case in VANET. In …
Building a digital twin for additive manufacturing through the exploitation of blockchain: A case analysis of the aircraft industry | C Mandolla, AM Petruzzelli, G Percoco, A Urbinati - Computers in Industry, 2019 - Elsevier | … Andrea has more than 30 publications, as papers on international and national journals,  book chapters, national and international conference proceedings. He serves as scientific  reviewer for the Journal of Cleaner Production and the Journal of Knowledge Management. …
Healthcare services innovations based on the state of the art technology trend industry 4.0 | M Alloghani, D Al-Jumeily, A Hussain… - … 11th International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … that can handle huge datasets came computational requirements and the subsequent  development of techniques for analyzing the data [8]. Patient … of automation on unemployment,  firms have saved up to 4% of their operational costs while guaranteeing higher efficiency levels. …
Social media analytics–Challenges in topic discovery, data collection, and data preparation | S Stieglitz, M Mirbabaie, B Ross… - International journal of …, 2018 - Elsevier | … However, the core of this step consists of applying a key technique, such as a sentiment  analysis or social network analysis, for understanding the data. In the last step the … Computing  on masked data: A high performance method for improving big data veracity. In 2014 IEEE …
Tune: A research platform for distributed model selection and training | R Liaw, E Liang, R Nishihara, P Moritz… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … computation to achieve high performance in a reasonable time frame. Many hyperparameter  search algorithms have been proposed for improving the efficiency … In Proceedings of the  19th ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining, pages …
Deep reinforcement learning for vision-based robotic grasping: A simulated comparative evaluation of off-policy methods | D Quillen, E Jang, O Nachum, C Finn… - … IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … biased in the off-policy case, and our proposed unbiased, corrected version achieves  comparable performance. Deep Q-learning also excels in limited data regimes. We also analyze  the stability of the different methods, and differences in performance across on-policy and off-…
Nisp: Pruning networks using neuron importance score propagation | R Yu, A Li, CF Chen, JH Lai… - … IEEE Conference …, 2018 - openaccess.thecvf.com | … In contrast, we argue that for a pruned network to retain its predictive power, it is essential to  prune neurons in the entire neuron … Below, we provide case studies and ablation analysis to  help understand the proposed NISP pruning algorithm. Similar Predictive Power of Networks …
Deep equilibrium models | S Bai, JZ Kolter, V Koltun - arXiv preprint arXiv:1909.01377, 2019 - arxiv.org | … (eg, WikiText-103 language modeling) that, despite only using constant memory, DEQ  can attain modeling accuracy on par with (or even slightly better than) corresponding layer-based  networks. We believe that DEQ offers a novel perspective on the analysis of sequential data. …
Internet of Things: A survey of enabling technologies in healthcare and its applications | MM Dhanvijay, SC Patil - Computer Networks, 2019 - Elsevier | … Many International Conference and Journal articles have been reviewed by her. She has  served as Session chair in several International Conferences. She has fetched funding worth  8 Lacs from BCUD-SPPU and AICTE for Research and Faculty developement programs. She …
Recent advances in optical technologies for data centers: a review | Q Cheng, M Bahadori, M Glick, S Rumley, K Bergman - Optica, 2018 - osapublishing.org | … (“big data”), increased computational capabilities, and advances in machine-learning  algorithms [5]. Applications and network architectures drive the traffic patterns in the computer  network. In both Google and Facebook, much of the computation does not fit on a single server, …
Survey on deep learning for pulmonary medical imaging | J Ma, Y Song, X Tian, Y Hua, R Zhang, J Wu - Frontiers of medicine, 2020 - Springer | … Deep learning has been widely applied in medical imaging for improved image analysis.  This paper reviews the major deep learning … Multisource transfer learning with convolutional  neural networks for lung pattern analysis. IEEE J Biomed Health Inform 2017; 21(1): 76–…
Comparing automated text classification methods | J Hartmann, J Huppertz, C Schamp… - International Journal of …, 2019 - Elsevier | … In particular, RF exhibits consistently high performance for three-class sentiment, NB for  small samples sizes. SVM never outperform the … We analyze how well the machine learning  methods perform on this content classification task and observe substantial performance …
Big data for internet of things: a survey | M Ge, H Bangui, B Buhnova - Future generation computer systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … In this section, we focus on the analysis and classification of Big Data approaches applied in  different IoT domains. The papers for … or conference proceedings, the academic disciplines  of collected papers are scoped to computer science, information systems, computer networks …
Edge cognitive computing based smart healthcare system | M Chen, W Li, Y Hao, Y Qian, I Humar - Future Generation Computer …, 2018 - Elsevier | … To address this issue, in this paper, we propose the Edge-Cognitive-Computing-based (ECC-based)  smart-healthcare system. … analyze the physical health of users using cognitive computing.  It also adjusts the computing resource allocation of the whole edge computing network …
Word2vec convolutional neural networks for classification of news articles and tweets | B Jang, I Kim, JW Kim - PloS one, 2019 - journals.plos.org | … This paper explores the performance of word2vec Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to  classify news articles and tweets into related and … model with CBOW had higher performance,  but the CNN classification model with Skip-gram showed higher performance for tweets. It …
Timeloop: A systematic approach to dnn accelerator evaluation | A Parashar, P Raina, YS Shao, YH Chen… - … on performance …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents Timeloop, an infrastructure for evaluating and exploring the architecture  design space of deep neural network (DNN) accelerators. Timeloop uses a concise and unified  representation of the key architecture and implementation attributes of DNN accelerators …
A detailed and real-time performance monitoring framework for blockchain systems | P Zheng, Z Zheng, X Luo, X Chen… - … International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To solve this problem, we propose overall performance metrics and detailed performance  metrics for the users to know the exact performance in different stages of the blockchain.  Then we propose a performance monitoring framework with a log-based method. It has …
