SplitFS: Reducing software overhead in file systems for persistent memory | R Kadekodi, SK Lee, S Kashyap, T Kim, A Kolli… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | We present SplitFS, a file system for persistent memory (PM) that reduces software overhead  significantly compared to state-of-the-art PM file systems. SplitFS presents a novel split of  responsibilities between a user-space library file system and an existing kernel PM file system. …
Snap: A microkernel approach to host networking | M Marty, M de Kruijf, J Adriaens, C Alfeld… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … where traditional operating system functionality is hoisted into ordinary userspace processes.  However, unlike prior microkernel systems, … • Any practical evolution of operating system  architecture requires interoperability with existing kernel network functions and application …
PipeDream: generalized pipeline parallelism for DNN training | D Narayanan, A Harlap, A Phanishayee… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | DNN training is extremely time-consuming, necessitating efficient multi-accelerator parallelization.  Current approaches to parallelizing training primarily use intra-batch parallelization,  where a single iteration of training is split over the available workers, but suffer from …
TASO: optimizing deep learning computation with automatic generation of graph substitutions | Z Jia, O Padon, J Thomas, T Warszawski… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the 27th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles: TASO: optimizing  deep learning computation with automatic … On a Tesla V100 GPU with tensor cores [5]  supporting 4×4 matrix operations, optimal performance may require tiling tensors into 4×4 chunks…
Kvell: the design and implementation of a fast persistent key-value store | B Lepers, O Balmau, K Gupta… - … Symposium on Operating …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In this paper, we introduce the following four design principles for KVs that we have found  … We show that the following principles are key for achieving peak performance on modern  … KVs on SSDs that expose FTL operations to the operating system. Such SSDs are rare and …
Recipe: Converting concurrent DRAM indexes to persistent-memory indexes | SK Lee, J Mohan, S Kashyap, T Kim… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | We present Recipe, a principled approach for converting concurrent DRAM indexes into  crash-consistent indexes for persistent memory (PM). The main insight behind Recipe is that  isolation provided by a certain class of concurrent in-memory indexes can be translated with …
Fast and secure global payments with Stellar | M Lokhava, G Losa, D Mazières, G Hoare… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | International payments are slow and expensive, in part because of multi-hop payment routing  through heterogeneous banking systems. Stellar is a new global payment network that can  directly transfer digital money anywhere in the world in seconds. The key innovation is a …
NrOS: Effective Replication and Sharing in an Operating System | A Bhardwaj, C Kulkarni, R Achermann, I Calciu… - … on Operating Systems …, 2021 - usenix.org | … Writing a correct operating system kernel is notoriously hard. Kernel code requires manual  memory management and type-unsafe code and must … In the remainder of this section, we  describe NrOS’s subsystems, which demonstrate these principles and resolve the challenges of …
Performance and protection in the ZoFS user-space NVM file system | M Dong, H Bu, J Yi, B Dong, H Chen - … on Operating Systems Principles, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … rare operations, this paper proposes a new abstraction called coffer, which is a collection of  isolated NVM resources, and show its merits on building a performant and protected NVM file  system … With an example file system called ZoFS, we show that user-space file systems built …
Finding semantic bugs in file systems with an extensible fuzzing framework | S Kim, M Xu, S Kashyap, J Yoon, W Xu… - … Symposium on Operating …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Finding Semantic Bugs in File Systems with an Extensible Fuzzing Framework. In ACM SIGOPS  27th Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP ’19), October 27–30, … In Proceedings  of the 25th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP). Monterey, CA. …
Scaling symbolic evaluation for automated verification of systems code with Serval | L Nelson, J Bornholt, R Gu, A Baumann… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | This paper presents Serval, a framework for developing automated verifiers for systems  software. Serval provides an extensible infrastructure for creating verifiers by lifting interpreters  under symbolic evaluation, and a systematic approach to identifying and repairing verification …
File systems unfit as distributed storage backends: lessons from 10 years of Ceph evolution | A Aghayev, S Weil, M Kuchnik, M Nelson… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Proceedings of the 27th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles: File systems unfit  as distributed storage backends: lesso … Stonebraker, after building the INGRES database  for a decade, noted that “operating systems offer all things to all people at much higher …
Gradient compression supercharged high-performance data parallel dnn training | Y Bai, C Li, Q Zhou, J Yi, P Gong, F Yan… - … on Operating Systems …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Gradient compression is a promising approach to alleviating the communication bottleneck  in data parallel deep neural network (DNN) training by significantly reducing the data volume  of gradients for synchronization. While gradient compression is being actively adopted by …
Generating Complex, Realistic Cloud Workloads using Recurrent Neural Networks | S Bergsma, T Zeyl, A Senderovich… - … Symposium on Operating …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Decision-making in large-scale compute clouds relies on accurate workload modeling.  Unfortunately, prior models have proven insufficient in capturing the complex correlations in  real cloud workloads. We introduce the first model of large-scale cloud workloads that captures …
A generic communication scheduler for distributed dnn training acceleration | Y Peng, Y Zhu, Y Chen, Y Bao, B Yi, C Lan… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | We present ByteScheduler, a generic communication scheduler for distributed DNN training  acceleration. ByteScheduler is based on our principled analysis that partitioning and rearranging  the tensor transmissions can result in optimal results in theory and good performance …
Floem: A programming system for NIC-accelerated network applications | PM Phothilimthana, M Liu, A Kaufmann… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems … In Proceedings of the 26th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, SOSP  ’17, … In Proceedings of the 26th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, SOSP ’17, …
Legoos: A disseminated, distributed {OS} for hardware resource disaggregation | Y Shan, Y Huang, Y Chen, Y Zhang - … Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems  … Exokernel: An operating system architecture for applicationlevel resource management.  In … Decoupling cores, kernels, and operating systems. In Proceedings of the 11th USENIX …
Teechain: a secure payment network with asynchronous blockchain access | J Lind, O Naor, I Eyal, F Kelbert, EG Sirer… - … on Operating Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Blockchains such as Bitcoin and Ethereum execute payment transactions securely, but their  performance is limited by the need for global consensus. Payment networks overcome this  limitation through off-chain transactions. Instead of writing to the blockchain for each …
{PRETZEL}: Opening the black box of machine learning prediction serving systems | Y Lee, A Scolari, BG Chun, MD Santambrogio… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … principles for white box model serving, described in Section 3. Section 4 introduces the  PRETZEL system as an implementation of the above principles… After highlighting the major  inefficiencies of current black box prediction serving systems, we discuss a set of design principles …
Deconstructing RDMA-enabled distributed transactions: Hybrid is better! | X Wei, Z Dong, R Chen, H Chen - … } Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … Open access to the Proceedings of the  13th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation is sponsored by …
Pocket: Elastic ephemeral storage for serverless analytics | A Klimovic, Y Wang, P Stuedi, A Trivedi… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems  … Open access to the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems  Design … the requirements outlined in §2.1 by applying the following key design principles: …
Ray: A distributed framework for emerging {AI} applications | P Moritz, R Nishihara, S Wang, A Tumanov… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … pose a system design principle in which  control state is stored in a sharded metadata store and all other system components are stateless. …
{ASAP}: Fast, approximate graph pattern mining at scale | AP Iyer, Z Liu, X Jin, S Venkataraman… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | While there has been a tremendous interest in processing data that has an underlying  graph structure, existing distributed graph processing systems take several minutes or even  hours to mine simple patterns on graphs. This paper presents ASAP, a fast, approximate …
{REPT}: Reverse debugging of failures in deployed software | W Cui, X Ge, B Kasikci, B Niu, U Sharma… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Online Data Capture: We choose to only rely on the data in a memory dump rather than  logging more data during execution to minimize the performance overhead for deployed systems.  Furthermore, to do online data capture, we would need to modify the operating system or …
Arachne: Core-aware thread management | H Qin, Q Li, J Speiser, P Kraft… - … } Symposium on Operating …, 2018 - usenix.org | … One of the reasons it is difficult to combine low latency and high throughput is that  applications must manage their parallelism with a virtual resource (threads); they cannot tell the  operating system how many physical resources (cores) they need, and they do not know which …
Three steps is all you need: fast, accurate, automatic scaling decisions for distributed streaming dataflows | V Kalavri, J Liagouris, M Hoffmann… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … Open access to the Proceedings of the  13th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation is sponsored by …
The benefits and costs of writing a {POSIX} kernel in a high-level language | C Cutler, MF Kaashoek, RT Morris - … } Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … The main thrust of these projects was to explore new ideas in operating system architecture,  often enabled by the use of a type-safe highlevel language. While performance was often  a concern, usually the performance in question related to the new ideas, rather than to the …
Noria: dynamic, partially-stateful data-flow for high-performance web applications | J Gjengset, M Schwarzkopf, J Behrens… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | We introduce partially-stateful data-flow, a new streaming data-flow model that supports eviction  and reconstruction of data-flow state on demand. By avoiding state explosion and supporting  live changes to the data-flow graph, this model makes data-flow viable for building long-…
Neural adaptive content-aware internet video delivery | H Yeo, Y Jung, J Kim, J Shin, D Han - … Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … A single DNN of finite capacity, in principle,  may not be expressive enough to capture all of them. Note, a fundamental trade-off exists …
Gandiva: Introspective cluster scheduling for deep learning | W Xiao, R Bhardwaj, R Ramjee, M Sivathanu… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | We introduce Gandiva, a new cluster scheduling framework that utilizes domain-specific  knowledge to improve latency and efficiency of training deep learning models in a GPU cluster.  One key characteristic of deep learning is feedback-driven exploration, where a user often …
Notice of Violation of IEEE Publication Principles: State of the art and challenges facing consensus protocols on blockchain | N Chalaemwongwan… - … Conference on Information …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Hence the Greedy Heaviest Observed SubTree (GHOST) chain selection principle has  been proposed to solve this issue. In contrast to the most … Liskov, “Practical Byzantine fault  tolerance,” in Proceedings of the 3rd USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and …
Karaoke: Distributed private messaging immune to passive traffic analysis | D Lazar, Y Gilad, N Zeldovich - … } Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … Open access to the Proceedings of the  13th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation is sponsored by …
Sharding the shards: managing datastore locality at scale with Akkio | M Annamalai, K Ravichandran, H Srinivas… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … In principle, most any database could  be used for storing this information; here we use ZippyDB (without Akkio layered on top of it).The …
Adaptive dynamic checkpointing for safe efficient intermittent computing | K Maeng, B Lucia - 13th {USENIX} Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Chinchilla is a software system that uses a novel, adaptive checkpointing scheme to make  software on an intermittently-operating system execute correctly and efficiently. Chinchilla  statically overprovisions code with potential checkpoints and dynamically deactivates un…
{ACES}: Automatic compartments for embedded systems | AA Clements, NS Almakhdhub, S Bagchi… - … } Security Symposium  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Many of these “things” are vulnerable baremetal embedded systems where the application  executes directly on hardware without an operating system. Unfortunately, the integrity of  current systems may be compromised by a single vulnerability, as recently shown by Google’s …
Monarch: gaining command on geo-distributed graph analytics | AP Iyer, A Panda, M Chowdhury, A Akella… - … {USENIX} Workshop on …, 2018 - usenix.org | A number of existing and emerging application scenarios generate graph-structured data in  a geo-distributed fashion. Although there is a lot of interest in distributed graph processing  systems, none of them support graphs that are geo-distributed. Geo-distributed analytics, on …
Putting the" micro" back in microservice | S Boucher, A Kalia, DG Andersen… - 2018 {USENIX} Annual …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Our defense-in-depth comes from using lightweight operating-system protections to block  access to certain system calls, as well as the proposed mechanisms in Section 6. Some system  … In Proceedings of the 26th ACM symposium on operating systems principles, SOSP ’17, …
Ansor: Generating high-performance tensor programs for deep learning | L Zheng, C Jia, M Sun, Z Wu, CH Yu, A Haj-Ali… - … on Operating Systems …, 2020 - usenix.org | High-performance tensor programs are crucial to guarantee efficient execution of deep neural  networks. However, obtaining performant tensor programs for different operators on various  hardware platforms is notoriously challenging. Currently, deep learning systems rely on …
Flashshare: Punching through server storage stack from kernel to firmware for ultra-low latency ssds | J Zhang, M Kwon, D Gouk, S Koh, C Lee… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | A modern datacenter server aims to achieve high energy efficiency by co-running multiple  applications. Some of such applications (eg, web search) are latency sensitive. Therefore,  they require low-latency I/O services to fast respond to requests from clients. However, we …
Write-optimized and high-performance hashing index scheme for persistent memory | P Zuo, Y Hua, J Wu - 13th {USENIX} Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … logging or CoW operations, significantly  decreasing the system performance. Hence, write reduction matters in NVM. Previous work [22…
IoT ecosystem: A survey on devices, gateways, operating systems, middleware and communication | S Bansal, D Kumar - International Journal of Wireless Information …, 2020 - Springer | … This section of the paper proposes the taxonomy of IoT starting from low-end devices to the  IoT application featuring IoT devices, operating system, communication interfaces and  networks, middleware, platform defining their capabilities that give a significant impact on end to …
Parties: Qos-aware resource partitioning for multiple interactive services | S Chen, C Delimitrou, JF Martínez - … Languages and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … When choosing which application to migrate, as per our design principles, PARTIES  chooses the one that will incur the least migration overhead. Compared to stateful applications,  stateless services do not require migration of data in memory, thus introduce lower migration …
µtune: Auto-tuned threading for {OLDI} microservices | A Sriraman, TF Wenisch - … {USENIX} Symposium on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … We develop μTune, a system that has two features:(1) a novel framework that abstracts  threading model implementation from application code, and (2) an automatic load adaptation  system that curtails microservice tail latency by exploiting inherent latency trade-offs revealed in …
Comparing the reliability of software systems: A case study on mobile operating systems | V Ivanov, A Reznik, G Succi - Information Sciences, 2018 - Elsevier | … [7], and, given the goal to determine the overall reliability of the target mobile and open source  operating systems, we … Operating System), while these lines are less constant for CyanogenMod,  while the lines are very irregular for Sailfish (the worst performing Operating System). …
Taming performance variability | A Maricq, D Duplyakin, I Jimenez, C Maltzahn… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … We install iperf3 from the Ubuntu  package repository, and ping is already bundled with the base operating system. …
Characterizing co-located datacenter workloads: An alibaba case study | Y Cheng, Z Chai, A Anwar - … the 9th Asia-Pacific Workshop on Systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In fact, container management systems such as Sigma [4] need to consider a lot of other  constraints when performing scheduling for long-running containers, including affinity and … In  Proceedings of the Nineteenth ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (New York, …
Skybridge: Fast and secure inter-process communication for microkernels | Z Mi, D Li, Z Yang, X Wang, H Chen - Proceedings of the Fourteenth …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … This page is deliberately left unmapped for most operating systems. In the inserted page,  the Subkernel creates one code snippet for the new instructions. At the end of each snippet,  the Subkernel also appends a new jump instruction to get back to the original code page. …
An empirical guide to the behavior and use of scalable persistent memory | J Yang, J Kim, M Hoseinzadeh, J Izraelevitz… - … } Conference on File …, 2020 - usenix.org | … The CPU and operating system simply see the Optane DIMM as a larger (volatile) portion of  … experiments into a set of four principles for how to build and tune Optane-based systems. …  In Proceedings of the ACM SIGOPS 22nd Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, SOSP ’…
Who limits the resource efficiency of my datacenter: An analysis of alibaba datacenter traces | J Guo, Z Chang, S Wang, H Ding… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Cloud platform provides great flexibility and cost-efficiency for end-users and cloud operators.  However, low resource utilization in modern datacenters brings huge wastes of hardware  resources and infrastructure investment. To improve resource utilization, a straightforward …
Narrowing the gap between serverless and its state with storage functions | T Zhang, D Xie, F Li, R Stutsman - Proceedings of the ACM Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Serverless computing has gained attention due to its fine-grained provisioning, large-scale  multi-tenancy, and on-demand scaling. However, it also forces applications to externalize  state in remote storage, adding substantial overheads. To fix this" data shipping problem" we …
Concurrent container scheduling on heterogeneous clusters with multi-resource constraints | Y Hu, H Zhou, C de Laat, Z Zhao - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2020 - Elsevier | … By effectively virtualizing operating systems and encapsulating necessary runtime contexts of  software components and services, container technologies can significantly improve portability  and efficiency for distributed application deployment. It flexibly extends virtual machine …
Architectural implications of function-as-a-service computing | M Shahrad, J Balkind, D Wentzlaff - … IEEE/ACM International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Serverless computing is a rapidly growing cloud application model, popularized by Amazon's  Lambda platform. Serverless cloud services provide fine-grained provisioning of resources,  which scale automatically with user demand. Function-as-a-Service (FaaS) applications …
Sbft: a scalable and decentralized trust infrastructure | GG Gueta, I Abraham, S Grossman… - … dependable systems …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | SBFT is a state of the art Byzantine fault tolerant state machine replication system that addresses  the challenges of scalability, decentralization and global geo-replication. SBFT is optimized  for decentralization and is experimentally evaluated on a deployment of more than 200 …
Single machine graph analytics on massive datasets using intel optane DC persistent memory | G Gill, R Dathathri, L Hoang, R Peri… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … affordable systems that support up to 6TB of randomly accessible memory. In this paper, we  present key runtime and algorithmic principles … To demonstrate the importance of these  principles, we evaluate four existing shared-memory graph frameworks and one out-ofcore graph …
A state of art survey for concurrent computation and clustering of parallel computing for distributed systems | H Shukur, SRM Zeebaree, AJ Ahmed, RR Zebari… - Journal of Applied …, 2020 - jastt.org | … Regehr, “Some guidelines for proportional share CPU scheduling in general-purpose operating  systems,” 2001. [39] CA Waldspurger and … Urushibara, “The impact of operating system  scheduling policies and synchronization methods of performance of parallel applications,” in …
Hot-stuff the linear, optimal-resilience, one-message BFT devil | I Abraham, G Gueta, D Malkhi - CoRR, abs/1803.05069, 2018 - allquantor.at | We describe a protocol called ‘Hot-Stuff the Linear, Optimal-Resilience, One-Message BFT  Devil’(in short, Hot-Stuff) for n= 3f+ 1 replicas, of which 2f+ 1 are honest, to agree on a  replicated, ever-changing state. The protocol is always safe against a threshold f of Byzantine …
Offloading distributed applications onto smartNICs using iPipe | M Liu, T Cui, H Schuh, A Krishnamurthy… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 25th symposium on operating systems principles. [18] Daniel E.  Eisenbud, Cheng Yi, Carlo Contavalli, Cody Smith, Roman Kononov, Eric Mann-Hielscher,  Ardas Cilingiroglu, Bin Cheyney, Wentao Shang, and Jinnah Dylan Hosein. …
Blockchain transaction processing | S Gupta, M Sadoghi - arXiv preprint arXiv:2107.11592, 2021 - arxiv.org | A blockchain is an append-only linked-list of blocks, which is maintained at each participating  node. Each block records a set of transactions and their associated metadata. Blockchain  transactions act on the identical ledger data stored at each node. Blockchain was first …
Cloudburst: Stateful functions-as-a-service | V Sreekanti, C Wu, XC Lin, J Schleier-Smith… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … To enable stateful serverless computing, we propose a new design principle: logical  disaggregation with physical colocation (LDPC). … In Proceedings of the twenty-sixth annual  ACM symposium on Principles of distributed computing, pages 398–407. ACM, 2007. [16] M. …
GraphP: Reducing communication for PIM-based graph processing with efficient data partition | M Zhang, Y Zhuo, C Wang, M Gao, Y Wu… - … Symposium on High …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Following the above design principle, we propose GRAPHP, a novel HMC-based  software/hardware codesigned graph processing system that drastically reduces communication  and energy consumption compared to TESSERACT. GRAPHP features three key techniques. • “…
{SPEICHER}: Securing lsm-based key-value stores using shielded execution | M Bailleu, J Thalheim, P Bhatotia, C Fetzer… - … } Conference on File …, 2019 - usenix.org | … In Proceedings of the 25th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP),  2015. … Controlled-channel attacks: Deterministic side channels for untrusted operating  systems. In Proceedings of the 36th IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy (Oakland), 2015. …
Firecracker: Lightweight virtualization for serverless applications | A Agache, M Brooker, A Iordache, A Liguori… - … {usenix} symposium on …, 2020 - usenix.org | … Together, these tools provide a powerful toolkit for isolating containers, but their reliance on a  single operating system kernel means that there … In this paper, we use the term Linux containers  to describe the implementation, while being aware that other operating systems provide …
The computing landscape of the 21st century | M Satyanarayanan, W Gao, B Lucia - … on Mobile Computing Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | This paper shows how today's complex computing landscape can be understood in simple  terms through a 4-tier model. Each tier represents a distinct and stable set of design constraints  that dominate attention at that tier. There are typically many alternative implementations of …
Cntr: Lightweight {OS} Containers | J Thalheim, P Bhatotia, P Fonseca… - 2018 {USENIX} Annual …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Instead, we built our system to be as generic as possible by leveraging more stable operating  system interfaces. Our … However, our inodes are not persisted and are dynamically requested  and destroyed by the operating system. If the operating system no longer uses them, they …
Pytorch distributed: Experiences on accelerating data parallel training | S Li, Y Zhao, R Varma, O Salpekar, P Noordhuis… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | This paper presents the design, implementation, and evaluation of the PyTorch distributed  data parallel module. PyTorch is a widely-adopted scientific computing package used in deep  learning research and applications. Recent advances in deep learning argue for the value …
The {CASE} of {FEMU}: Cheap, accurate, scalable and extensible flash emulator | H Li, M Hao, MH Tong, S Sundararaman… - … } Conference on File …, 2018 - usenix.org | … However, simulators do not support running applications and operating systems. … on  Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS), 2009. …  In Proceedings of the 26th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP), 2017. …
A large scale study of data center network reliability | J Meza, T Xu, K Veeraraghavan, O Mutlu - Proceedings of the Internet …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | The ability to tolerate, remediate, and recover from network incidents (caused by device  failures and fiber cuts, for example) is critical for building and operating highly-available  web services. Achieving fault tolerance and failure preparedness requires system architects, …
Data provenance to audit compliance with privacy policy in the Internet of Things | T Pasquier, J Singh, J Powles, D Eyers… - Personal and Ubiquitous …, 2018 - Springer | … principles that we seek to enforce derive from both data protection and privacy requirements,  and are designed to accomodate the wishes and expectations of users, system … In: Proceedings  of the twenty-fourth ACM symposium on operating systems principles (SOSP). ACM, pp …
Evaluating scalability bottlenecks by workload extrapolation | R Shi, Y Gan, Y Wang - … IEEE 26th international symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Testing a scalability bottleneck requires a large system to generate sufficient load, which is  usually not accessible to researchers. To address this problem, this paper extrapolates the  workload to a bottleneck node. The key observation that motivates our approach is that …
SGX-LKL: Securing the host OS interface for trusted execution | C Priebe, D Muthukumaran, J Lind, H Zhu… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … Based on these principles, Tab. shows the host calls and parameter types of SGX-LKL, our  TEE runtime system. It avoids address range and pure/impure identifiers and only … In  Proceedings of the 26th Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, pages 441–459, 2017. …
Bigdl: A distributed deep learning framework for big data | JJ Dai, Y Wang, X Qiu, D Ding, Y Zhang… - … of the ACM Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Unfortunately, these operations are not supported by the functional compute model of big  data systems (such as Spark). … Discretized streams: fault-tolerant streaming computation at  scale in The Twenty-Fourth ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles. (2013) SOSP’13. …
Andromeda: Performance, isolation, and velocity at scale in cloud network virtualization | M Dalton, D Schultz, J Adriaens, A Arefin… - … {USENIX} Symposium …, 2018 - usenix.org | This paper presents our design and experience with Andromeda, Google Cloud Platform’s  network virtualization stack. Our production deployment poses several challenging requirements,  including performance isolation among customer virtual networks, scalability, rapid …
Blockchain-based database in an IoT environment: challenges, opportunities, and analysis | L Tseng, X Yao, S Otoum, M Aloqaily, Y Jararweh - Cluster Computing, 2020 - Springer | … consistency models that are heavily used in practical distributed storage systems like  Microsoft Pileus system [14] and Amazon Dynamo storage system [34]. This paper focuses on  the consistency defined for key-value storage systems that provide two operations: Get and Put. …
Fail-slow at scale: Evidence of hardware performance faults in large production systems | HS Gunawi, RO Suminto, R Sears, C Golliher… - ACM Transactions on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Section 6.3 To systems designers: While software systems are effective in handling fail-stop  (binary) model, more … System architects, designers, and developers can fault-inject their  systems with all the root causes reported in this article to evaluate the robustness of their systems…
Methodological principles for reproducible performance evaluation in cloud computing | AV Papadopoulos, L Versluis, A Bauer… - IEEE Transactions …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS), the ACM Symposium  on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP), and … This description should include the operating  system and software versions, and all the information related to the configuration of each …
Razzer: Finding kernel race bugs through fuzzing | DR Jeong, K Kim, B Shivakumar… - 2019 IEEE Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Applying RAZZER for Other Systems. We believe it would not be challenging to apply  RAZZER for other modern operating systems, such as Windows, MacOSX, FreeBSD, as long  as their source code is available. The only place that RAZZER leverages Linux-specific domain …
When should the network be the computer? | DRK Ports, J Nelson - … the Workshop on Hot Topics in Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We believe this is an important principle both for programmable switches and NICs. It’s  tempting to think that strict resource limits apply … operating system abstractions like virtualization,  resource management, and protection domains are needed. Despite the “operating system…
Enjoy your observability: an industrial survey of microservice tracing and analysis | B Li, X Peng, Q Xiang, H Wang, T Xie, J Sun… - Empirical Software …, 2022 - Springer | … M., Gao E., Kuropatwa W., O’Neill J., Ong KW, Schaller B., Shan P., Viscomi B., Venkataraman  V., Veeraraghavan K., Song YJ (2017) Canopy: an end-to-end performance tracing and  analysis system. In: 26Th symposium on operating systems principles (SOSP), pp 34–50 …
SoK: Consensus in the age of blockchains | S Bano, A Sonnino, M Al-Bassam, S Azouvi… - Proceedings of the 1st …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … term for systems that replace PoW with more useful and energy-efficient alternatives. In the  next two sections, we look at hybrid systems based on novel compositions of classical  consensus primitives, or that combine … In ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles. …
{SOCK}: Rapid task provisioning with serverless-optimized containers | E Oakes, L Yang, D Zhou, K Houck, T Harter… - 2018 {USENIX} Annual …, 2018 - usenix.org | Serverless computing promises to provide applications with cost savings and extreme  elasticity. Unfortunately, slow application and container initialization can hurt common-case  latency on serverless platforms. In this work, we analyze Linux container primitives, identifying …
Neugraph: parallel deep neural network computation on large graphs | L Ma, Z Yang, Y Miao, J Xue, M Wu, L Zhou… - 2019 {USENIX} Annual …, 2019 - usenix.org | … We employ a similar principle of exploiting parallelism for the scatter operator. A block of  threads first cooperatively enumerate an edge group, accumulate the features of every edge …  The installed operating system is Ubuntu 16.04, using the libraries CUDA 9.0 and cuDNN 7.0. …
Iron: Isolating network-based {CPU} in container environments | J Khalid, E Rozner, W Felter, C Xu… - … {USENIX} Symposium …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Because containers share components of the underlying operating system (OS), it is critical  the OS provides resource isolation to the container’s assigned resources, such as CPU, disk,  network bandwidth, and memory. Currently, control groups (or cgroups) in Linux [3] enable …
Vegvisir: A partition-tolerant blockchain for the internet-of-things | K Karlsson, W Jiang, S Wicker, D Adams… - … Computing Systems …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | While the intersection of blockchains and the Internet of Things (IoT) have received considerable  research interest lately, Nakamoto-style blockchains possess a number of qualities that  make them poorly suited for many IoT scenarios. Specifically, they require high network …
Steal but no force: Efficient hardware undo+ redo logging for persistent memory systems | MA Ogleari, EL Miller, J Zhao - … IEEE International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Finally, with multithreaded workloads, context switches by the operating system (OS) can  interrupt the logging and persistent data updates. This can risk the data consistency guarantee  in multithreaded environment (Section II-C discusses this further). Several prior works …
Contact tracing mobile apps for COVID-19: Privacy considerations and related trade-offs | H Cho, D Ippolito, YW Yu - arXiv preprint arXiv:2003.11511, 2020 - arxiv.org | Contact tracing is an essential tool for public health officials and local communities to fight the  spread of novel diseases, such as for the COVID-19 pandemic. The Singaporean government  just released a mobile phone app, TraceTogether, that is designed to assist health …
Monoxide: Scale out blockchains with asynchronous consensus zones | J Wang, H Wang - 16th {USENIX} Symposium on Networked Systems …, 2019 - usenix.org | Cryptocurrencies have provided a promising infrastructure for pseudonymous online  payments. However, low throughput has significantly hindered the scalability and usability of  cryptocurrency systems for increasing numbers of users and transactions. Another obstacle to …
Datacenter RPCs can be general and fast | A Kalia, M Kaminsky, D Andersen - … } Symposium on Networked Systems …, 2019 - usenix.org | … Our goal is to allow developers to use eRPC in unmodi ed systems. We use as test-cases  two existing … IX: A protected dataplane operating system for high throughput and low latency.  In 11th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI 14), …
The seminal role of edge-native applications | M Satyanarayanan, G Klas, M Silva… - … Conference on Edge …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We introduce the concept of "edge-native applications" that fully exploit the potential of edge  computing and have a deeply symbiotic relationship with it. Such an application is custom-designed  to take advantage of one or more of the unique attributes of edge computing such as …
Runtime analysis of whole-system provenance | T Pasquier, X Han, T Moyer, A Bates… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In support of this goal, we consider methods for the deep integration of provenance capture  and analysis within the operating system. We introduce CamQuery, a framework that supports  runtime analysis of provenance and thus enables its practical use for a variety of security …
Improving the performance and endurance of encrypted non-volatile main memory through deduplicating writes | P Zuo, Y Hua, M Zhao, W Zhou… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … persistent memory,” in Proceedings of the 16th international conference on Architectural  support for programming languages and operating systems (ASPLOS), … network file system,”  in Proceedings of the ACM SIGOPS symposium on Operating systems principles (SOSP), 2001. …
Resilientdb: Global scale resilient blockchain fabric | S Gupta, S Rahnama, J Hellings, M Sadoghi - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | Recent developments in blockchain technology have inspired innovative new designs in  resilient distributed and database systems. At their core, these blockchain applications typically  use Byzantine fault-tolerant consensus protocols to maintain a common state across all …
EnclaveDB: A secure database using SGX | C Priebe, K Vaswani, M Costa - … Symposium on Security and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … EnclaveDB guarantees these properties even when the database administrator is malicious,  when an attacker has compromised the operating system or the hypervisor, and when the  database runs in an untrusted host in the cloud. EnclaveDB achieves this by placing sensitive …
Pangolin: A fault-tolerant persistent memory programming library | L Zhang, S Swanson - 2019 {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2019 - usenix.org | … To recover from data corruption, Pangolin relies on error detection and media management  facilities that the processor and operating system provide together. Below, we describe these  facilities available on Intel and Linux platforms. Windows provides similar mechanisms. …
The express data path: Fast programmable packet processing in the operating system kernel | T Høiland-Jørgensen, JD Brouer, D Borkmann… - Proceedings of the 14th …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … As an alternative to the kernel bypass design, we present a system that adds programmability  directly in the operating system networking stack in a cooperative way. This makes it  possible to perform high-speed packet processing that integrates seamlessly with existing …
Service mesh: Challenges, state of the art, and future research opportunities | W Li, Y Lemieux, J Gao, Z Zhao… - … Service-Oriented System …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | While the technology development towards microservices can significantly improve the speed  and agility of software service delivery, it also raises the operational complexity associated  with modern applications. This has led to the emergence of Service Mesh, a promising …
Restructuring endpoint congestion control | A Narayan, F Cangialosi, D Raghavan… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Arrakis [30] is system that facilitates kernel-bypass networking for applications via SR-IOV.  IX [5] is a dataplane operating system that separates the management … Moreover, CCP is  also agnostic to the datapath; datapaths for library operating systems could be CCP datapaths. …
Edge computing perspectives: architectures, technologies, and open security issues | M Caprolu, R Di Pietro, F Lombardi… - 2019 IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … , be it a regular server distribution or an embedded operating system—for its proven reliability,  … provides an hypervisor able to run an operating system or a bare-metal application2. … ,  the unikernel, and the Real Time Operating System approaches and technologies. Then, we …
Softsku: Optimizing server architectures for microservice diversity@ scale | A Sriraman, A Dhanotia, TF Wenisch - … the 46th International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We report relative throughput (MIPS) gains over cores operating at 1.6 GHz. Our production  systems have a fixed CPU power budget that is shared between the core and uncore (eg,  LLC, memory and QPI controller, etc.) CPU components. The current production configuration …
How many of all bugs do we find? a study of static bug detectors | A Habib, M Pradel - 2018 33rd IEEE/ACM International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Another threat to validity is that our methodology for identifying detected bugs could, in  principle, both miss some detected bugs and misclassify coincidental matches as detected bugs.  A reason for potentially missing detected bugs is our assumption that the lines involved in a …
A survey on NoSQL stores | A Davoudian, L Chen, M Liu - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … This survey mainly aims at elucidating the design decisions of NoSQL stores with regard  to the four nonorthogonal design principles of distributed database systems: data model,  consistency model, data partitioning, and the CAP theorem. For each principle, its available …
Mir-BFT: High-throughput BFT for blockchains | C Stathakopoulou, T David, M Vukolic - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - allquantor.at | This paper presents Mir-BFT (or, simply, Mir), a robust Byzantine fault-tolerant (BFT) total  order broadcast protocol aimed at maximizing throughput on wide-area networks (WANs),  targeting permissioned and Proof-of-Stake permissionless blockchains. We show that Mir …
Obladi: Oblivious serializable transactions in the cloud | N Crooks, M Burke, E Cecchetti, S Harel… - … on Operating Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | This paper presents the design and implementation of Obladi, the first system to provide ACID  transactions while also hiding access patterns. Obladi uses as its building block oblivious  RAM, but turns the demands of supporting transactions into a performance opportunity. By …
Effective static analysis of concurrency use-after-free bugs in Linux device drivers | JJ Bai, J Lawall, QL Chen, SM Hu - 2019 {USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2019 - usenix.org | … 40] have discussed how to exploit use-after-free bugs to attack an operating system. … We  will port DCUAF in other operating systems (such as FreeBSD and NetBSD) to check their driver  code. … Effective pattern-driven concurrency bug detection for operating systems. Journal of …
How do engineers perceive difficulties in engineering of machine-learning systems?-questionnaire survey | F Ishikawa, N Yoshioka - … Studies in Industry (CESI) and 6th …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We call systems that include ML components ML-based systems, and these are assumed to  be affected by the nature of ML techniques. … as empirical studies are required in order to  clarify the principles involved in the testing and quality evaluation / assurance of such systems. …
Continuous experimentation: challenges, implementation techniques, and current research | G Schermann, J Cito, P Leitner - Ieee Software, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Continuous experimentation is an up-and-coming technique for requirements engineering and  testing, particularly for web-based systems. On the basis of a practitioner survey, this article  gives an overview of challenges, implementation techniques, and current research in the …
A survey of software quality for machine learning applications | S Masuda, K Ono, T Yasue… - 2018 IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Machine learning (ML) is now widespread. Traditional software engineering can be applied  to the development ML applications. However, we have to consider specific problems with ML  applications in therms of their quality. In this paper, we present a survey of software quality …
Distributed differential privacy via shuffling | A Cheu, A Smith, J Ullman, D Zeber… - … Conference on the Theory …, 2019 - Springer | We consider the problem of designing scalable, robust protocols for computing statistics  about sensitive data. Specifically, we look at how best to design differentially private protocols  in a distributed setting, where each user holds a private datum. The literature has mostly …
Sprocket: A serverless video processing framework | L Ao, L Izhikevich, GM Voelker, G Porter - … of the ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Sprocket then handles the underlying access, encoding and decoding, and processing of  video and image content across operations in a highly parallel manner. In this paper we  describe the design and implementation of the Sprocket system on the AWS Lambda serverless …
Commodity single board computer clusters and their applications | SJ Johnston, PJ Basford, CS Perkins, H Herry… - … Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Current commodity Single Board Computers (SBCs) are sufficiently powerful to run  mainstream operating systems and workloads. Many of these boards may be linked together,  to create small, low-cost clusters that replicate some features of large data center clusters. The …
Endurable transient inconsistency in byte-addressable persistent b+-tree | D Hwang, WH Kim, Y Won, B Nam - 16th {USENIX} Conference on File …, 2018 - usenix.org | With the emergence of byte-addressable persistent memory (PM), a cache line, instead of a  page, is expected to be the unit of data transfer between volatile and nonvolatile devices, but  the failure-atomicity of write operations is guaranteed in the granularity of 8 bytes rather than …
Performance evaluation of the quorum blockchain platform | A Baliga, I Subhod, P Kamat, S Chatterjee - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … All nodes had the Ubuntu 14.04 LTS operating system and were connected to each other  with a 1 Gbps switch. … Private contracts in Quorum result in lower throughput at higher  load on the system due to extra overhead involved in secure communication and encryption/…
Precise and scalable detection of double-fetch bugs in OS kernels | M Xu, C Qian, K Lu, M Backes… - 2018 IEEE Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—During system call execution, it is common for operating system kernels to read  userspace memory multiple times (multi-reads). A critical bug may exist if the fetched userspace  memory is subject to change across these reads, ie, a race condition, which is known as a …
HotStuff: BFT consensus in the lens of blockchain | M Yin, D Malkhi, MK Reiter, GG Gueta… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | We present HotStuff, a leader-based Byzantine fault-tolerant replication protocol for the  partially synchronous model. Once network communication becomes synchronous, HotStuff  enables a correct leader to drive the protocol to consensus at the pace of actual (vs. maximum) …
Compute first networking: Distributed computing meets icn | M Król, S Mastorakis, D Oran, D Kutscher - Proceedings of the 6th ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … ICN, conceived as a networking architecture based on the principle of accessing named data,  and specific systems such as NDN[33] and … Screening System We present a simple airport  health screening system as a motivating use case for our framework. Such a system can be …
Cross-chain deals and adversarial commerce | M Herlihy, B Liskov, L Shrira - The VLDB Journal, 2021 - Springer | Modern distributed data management systems face a new challenge: how can autonomous,  mutually distrusting parties cooperate safely and effectively? Addressing this challenge  brings up familiar questions from classical distributed systems: how to combine multiple steps …
Pisces: A scalable and efficient persistent transactional memory | J Gu, Q Yu, X Wang, Z Wang, B Zang, H Guan… - 2019 {USENIX} Annual …, 2019 - usenix.org | … However, in these systems, an on-going write operations usually block conflicting read  operations to ensure the consistency. As a result, these read operations will also suffer from  NVM’s high write latency. A state-of-the-art design, called DUDETM [49], tries to address this issue …
Mlperf training benchmark | P Mattson, C Cheng, C Coleman, G Diamos… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … A system description includes both the hardware (number of nodes, processor and accelerator  counts and types, storage per node, and network interconnect) and the software (operating  system as well as libraries and their versions). A training-session log file contains a variety …
A new solution of Dijkstra's concurrent programming problem | L Lamport - Concurrency: the Works of Leslie Lamport, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … ): the failure of a single unit will halt the entire system. We present a simple solution which  allows the system to continue to operate despite the failure of any individual component.  … His research interests include reliable distributed systems and operating systems. …
Cloud programming simplified: A berkeley view on serverless computing | E Jonas, J Schleier-Smith, V Sreekanti, CC Tsai… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … configurations, and allocating data structures like traditional operating systems, unikernels  squash these costs by being preconfigured for … drivers and system libraries strictly required  by the application, which leads to a much lower footprint than traditional operating systems. It is …
Structural coverage criteria for neural networks could be misleading | Z Li, X Ma, C Xu, C Cao - 2019 IEEE/ACM 41st International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | There is a dramatically increasing interest in the quality assurance for DNN-based systems  in the software engineering community. An emerging hot topic in this direction is structural  coverage criteria for testing neural networks, which are inspired by coverage metrics used in …
Memory-efficient pipeline-parallel dnn training | D Narayanan, A Phanishayee, K Shi… - International …, 2021 - proceedings.mlr.press | Many state-of-the-art ML results have been obtained by scaling up the number of parameters  in existing models. However, parameters and activations for such large models often do not  fit in the memory of a single accelerator device; this means that it is necessary to distribute …
Fuzzing file systems via two-dimensional input space exploration | W Xu, H Moon, S Kashyap, PN Tseng… - 2019 IEEE Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … File systems are one of the most basic system services of an operating system that play an  important role in managing the files of users and tolerating system … syscall fuzzing technique  to fuzz file operations, ie, JANUS not only stores generated system calls but also deduces the …
Cirrus: A serverless framework for end-to-end ml workflows | J Carreira, P Fonseca, A Tumanov, A Zhang… - … of the ACM Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | ABSTRACT Machine learning (ML) workflows are extremely complex. The typical workflow  consists of distinct stages of user interaction, such as preprocessing, training, and tuning,  that are repeatedly executed by users but have heterogeneous computational requirements. …
Sok: Understanding the prevailing security vulnerabilities in trustzone-assisted tee systems | D Cerdeira, N Santos, P Fonseca… - 2020 IEEE Symposium …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … security-sensitive applications inside protected domains isolated from the platform’s operating  system (OS). Arm TrustZone [1] has become the … of systems. For instance, we observed that  during the same time window the entire Linux operating system, which is several orders of …
PolarFS: an ultra-low latency and failure resilient distributed file system for shared storage cloud database | W Cao, Z Liu, P Wang, S Chen, C Zhu… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … -like file system API, which is intended to be compiled into the database process and replace  the file system interfaces provided by operating system, … In Proceedings of the twenty-sixth  annual ACM symposium on Principles of distributed computing, pages 398–407. ACM, 2007. …
Overload control for scaling wechat microservices | H Zhou, M Chen, Q Lin, Y Wang, X She, S Liu… - … of the ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … For a stand-alone service, overload control is primarily targeted at the operating system, …  system for more than ve years. Apart form its e ectiveness proved in the WeChat practice, we  believe DAGOR and its design principles are also insightful for other microservice systems…
Savior: Towards bug-driven hybrid testing | Y Chen, P Li, J Xu, S Guo, R Zhou… - … IEEE Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … It may frequently miss subtle vulnerabilities despite that it has already explored the vulnerable  code paths.We propose SAVIOR, a new hybrid testing framework pioneering a bug-driven  principle. Unlike the existing hybrid testing tools, SAVIOR prioritizes the concolic execution …
The p4-> netfpga workflow for line-rate packet processing | S Ibanez, G Brebner, N McKeown… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | P4 has emerged as the de facto standard language for describing how network packets  should be processed, and is becoming widely used by network owners, systems developers,  researchers and in the classroom. The goal of the work presented here is to make it easier for …
libmpk: Software abstraction for intel memory protection keys (intel {MPK}) | S Park, S Lee, W Xu, H Moon, T Kim - 2019 {USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2019 - usenix.org | Intel Memory Protection Keys (MPK) is a new hardware primitive to support thread-local  permission control on groups of pages without requiring modification of page tables. Unfortunately,  its current hardware implementation and software support suffer from security, scalability, …
Reducing DRAM footprint with NVM in Facebook | A Eisenman, D Gardner, I AbdelRahman… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … To enable this function, reads from and writes to the NVM and flash devices are done using  direct I/O, bypassing the operating system page cache. Avoiding the operating system page  cache also prevents redundant copy operations between the devices and DRAM (where the …
{ERIM}: Secure, efficient in-process isolation with protection keys ({MPK}) | A Vahldiek-Oberwagner, E Elnikety… - … } Security Symposium  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … We survey techniques for isolation and switching provided by operating systems,  hypervisors, compilers, language runtimes, and binary … While SGX and TrustZone can isolate  data even from the operating system, switching overheads are similar to other hardware-based …
Avfi: Fault injection for autonomous vehicles | S Jha, SS Banerjee, J Cyriac… - … dependable systems …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The tool empirically validates the robustness of an AV system by introducing faults to test AV  resilience in situations that might otherwise be rarely tested. AVFI leverages a … Overall, we  believe that AVFI can positively influence the development and holistic testing of AV systems. …
Blockchain meets database: Design and implementation of a blockchain relational database | S Nathan, C Govindarajan, A Saraf, M Sethi… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … We implement our system on PostgreSQL and present detailed performance experiments  analyzing both approaches. … system. In Proceedings of the Fifteenth ACM Symposium on  Operating Systems Principles, SOSP ’95, pages 172–182, New York, NY, USA, 1995. ACM. …
GraphR: Accelerating graph processing using ReRAM | L Song, Y Zhuo, X Qian, H Li… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Alternatively, disk-based single-machine graph processing systems [28, 52, 58, 60, 70] (aka  out-of-core systems) can largely eliminate all the challenges of distributed frameworks. The  key principle of such systems is to keep only a small portion of active graph data in memory …
Reinforce: Achieving efficient failure resiliency for network function virtualization based services | SG Kulkarni, G Liu, KK Ramakrishnan… - Proceedings of the 14th …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … For example, a crash in a software component can be quickly detected and fixed locally by  the host operating system within a few microseconds, while recovery from operating system  failures may take at least a few milliseconds (eg, 10-50ms for lightweight unikernels like …
Automated detection of serializability violations under weak consistency | K Nagar, S Jagannathan - arXiv preprint arXiv:1806.08416, 2018 - arxiv.org | While a number of weak consistency mechanisms have been developed in recent years to  improve performance and ensure availability in distributed, replicated systems, ensuring  correctness of transactional applications running on top of such systems remains a difficult and …
Towards a novel architecture for enabling interoperability amongst multiple blockchains | H Jin, X Dai, J Xiao - … on Distributed Computing Systems  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Next-generation blockchain ecosystem will be fuelled by a large variety of blockchain  systems. These systems increasingly demand proper cross-chain cooperation to provide  richer functionalities and enhanced capabilities in the future landscape. How to enable such `…
Ai2: Safety and robustness certification of neural networks with abstract interpretation | T Gehr, M Mirman, D Drachsler-Cohen… - … IEEE Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 6b includes all points that f could compute in principle when given any point included in the  concretization of the box in Fig. 6a. Analogous … We assume that the operations are sound.  We note that these operations are standard or definable with standard operations. By definition …
The role of the Mizar Mathematical Library for interactive proof development in Mizar | G Bancerek, C Byliński, A Grabowski… - Journal of Automated …, 2018 - Springer | … -managed knowledge base maintained together with the formalization language and the  verification system. In this paper we show the process of forming this library, the evolution of  its design principles, and also present some data showing its current use with the modern …
Stratus: Cost-aware container scheduling in the public cloud | A Chung, JW Park, GR Ganger - Proceedings of the ACM Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the ACM SIGOPS 22nd symposium on Operating systems principles. ACM…  In Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles. ACM,  … In Proceedings of the 18th ACM international symposium on High performance distributed …
Nemesis: Studying microarchitectural timing leaks in rudimentary CPU interrupt logic | J Van Bulck, F Piessens, R Strackx - Proceedings of the 2018 ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … application components or enclaves from an untrusted operating system. PMAs enforce  isolation and attestation primitives directly … operating system is prevented from accessing  enclaved code or data directly, but continues to manage shared platform resources such as system …
Integer quantization for deep learning inference: Principles and empirical evaluation | H Wu, P Judd, X Zhang, M Isaev… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | Quantization techniques can reduce the size of Deep Neural Networks and improve inference  latency and throughput by taking advantage of high throughput integer instructions. In this  paper we review the mathematical aspects of quantization parameters and evaluate their …
An android malware detection approach using weight-adjusted deep learning | W Li, Z Wang, J Cai, S Cheng - 2018 International Conference …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … [8] present DroidScope, a fine grained dynamic binary instrumentation tool for Android that  rebuilds two levels of semantic information: operating system and Java. This information is  provided to the user in a unified interface to enable dynamic instrumentation of both the Dalvik …
GraphOne A Data Store for Real-time Analytics on Evolving Graphs | P Kumar, HH Huang - ACM Transactions on Storage (TOS), 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In short, the existing systems manage a private data store in a way to favor their specialized  analytics. In principle, one can utilize these specialized graph systems side by side to provide  data management functions for dynamic graphs and support a wide spectrum of analytics …
Theory and practice of finding eviction sets | P Vila, B Köpf, JF Morales - … IEEE Symposium on Security and …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Operating systems, with help from the CPU’s memory management unit (MMU), take care  of the translation of virtual addresses to physical … We emphasize that all experiments run  on machines with user operating systems (with a default window manager and background …
Samadroid: a novel 3-level hybrid malware detection model for android operating system | S Arshad, MA Shah, A Wahid, A Mehmood… - IEEE …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … operating system is known to be the most popular and widely used operating system.  According to the Gartner report, Android dominated the operating system … Figure 1 shows the  market shares of Android operating system on yearly basis. It can be observed that Android has …
The complexity of (Δ+ 1) coloring in congested clique, massively parallel computation, and centralized local computation | YJ Chang, M Fischer, M Ghaffari, J Uitto… - … Symposium on Principles …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In this paper, we present new randomized algorithms that improve the complexity of the  classic (Δ+ 1)-coloring problem, and its generalization (Δ+ 1)-list-coloring, in three well-studied  models of distributed, parallel, and centralized computation: Distributed Congested Clique: …
Handbook of geometric constraint systems principles | M Sitharam, AS John, J Sidman - 2018 - books.google.com | The Handbook of Geometric Constraint Systems Principles is an entry point to the currently  used principal mathematical and computational tools and techniques of the geometric constraint  system (GCS). It functions as a single source containing the core principles and results, …
Formalizing and implementing distributed ledger objects | AF Anta, K Konwar, C Georgiou, N Nicolaou - Acm Sigact News, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Despite the hype about blockchains and distributed ledgers, formal abstractions of these  objects are scarce1. To face this issue, in this paper we provide a proper formulation of a  distributed ledger object. In brief, we de ne a ledger object as a sequence of records, and we …
Continuum: A platform for cost-aware, low-latency continual learning | H Tian, M Yu, W Wang - … of the ACM Symposium on Cloud Computing, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In light of these problems, our goal is to provide a system solution that abstracts away the  complexity associated with continual model … With the same movie recommendation app  implemented in both systems, we find that Continuum shows the recommendation quality 6x as …
Deepgauge: Multi-granularity testing criteria for deep learning systems | L Ma, F Juefei-Xu, F Zhang, J Sun, M Xue, B Li… - Proceedings of the 33rd …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Deep learning (DL) defines a new data-driven programming paradigm that constructs the  internal system logic of a crafted neuron network through a set of training data. We have seen  wide adoption of DL in many safety-critical scenarios. However, a plethora of studies have …
Heterogeneous isolated execution for commodity gpus | I Jang, A Tang, T Kim, S Sethumadhavan… - … and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … To support isolated remote execution on GPUs even under vulnerable operating systems,  this paper proposes a novel hardware and software architecture, called HIX (Heterogeneous  Isolated eXecution). HIX does not require modifications to the GPU architecture to offer …
A survey on automated log analysis for reliability engineering | S He, P He, Z Chen, T Yang, Y Su, MR Lyu - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … [193] studied the logging mechanisms and security issues in three computer operating  systems. A recent publication [94] reviewed clustering-based approaches in cyber security  applications. Different from these studies, our survey mainly targets the automated log analysis for …
Amdahl's law for tail latency | C Delimitrou, C Kozyrakis - Communications of the ACM, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Optimizing for tail latency is already changing the way we build operating systems, cluster  managers, and data services.,8 This article investigates how the focus on tail latency affects  hardware designs, including what types of processor cores to build, how much chip area to …
Performance characterization of hyperledger fabric | A Baliga, N Solanki, S Verekar… - 2018 Crypto Valley …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … All nodes had the Ubuntu 14.04 LTS operating system and were connected to each other  with a 1 Gbps switch. … For example, when there are 100 chaincodes in the system, we use an  input send rate of 100 transactions per second where each request is sent to one chaincode. …
MLIR: A compiler infrastructure for the end of Moore's law | C Lattner, M Amini, U Bondhugula, A Cohen… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … This paper explores various design points of the MLIR system, relates our experience  applying it to a number of different problems, and discusses implications this work may … This  section describes the design of the IR in MLIR following the principles from the previous section. …
Combinatorial testing for deep learning systems | L Ma, F Zhang, M Xue, B Li, Y Liu, J Zhao… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … In this paper, we perform an exploratory study of CT on DL systems. We adapt the concept  in CT and propose a set of coverage criteria for DL systems, as well as a CT coverage  guided test generation technique. Our evaluation demonstrates that CT provides a promising …
A survey on distributed machine learning | J Verbraeken, M Wolting, J Katzy… - ACM Computing …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | The demand for artificial intelligence has grown significantly over the past decade, and this  growth has been fueled by advances in machine learning techniques and the ability to  leverage hardware acceleration. However, to increase the quality of predictions and render …
A blockchain-based access control system for cloud storage | I Sukhodolskiy, S Zapechnikov - 2018 IEEE Conference of …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | In this paper, we present a prototype of multi-user system for access control to datasets stored  in an untrusted cloud environment. Cloud storage like any other untrusted environment needs  the ability to secure share information. Our approach provides an access control over the …
iDO: Compiler-directed failure atomicity for nonvolatile memory | Q Liu, J Izraelevitz, SK Lee, ML Scott… - … Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents iDO, a compiler-directed approach to failure atomicity with nonvolatile  memory. Unlike most prior work, which instruments each store of persistent data for redo or  undo logging, the iDO compiler identifies idempotent instruction sequences, whose re-…
Learning scheduling algorithms for data processing clusters | H Mao, M Schwarzkopf, SB Venkatakrishnan… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Efficiently scheduling data processing jobs on distributed compute clusters requires complex  algorithms. Current systems use simple, generalized heuristics and ignore workload  characteristics, since developing and tuning a scheduling policy for each workload is infeasible. In …
Big data service architecture: a survey | J Wang, Y Yang, T Wang, RS Sherratt… - Journal of Internet …, 2020 - jit.ndhu.edu.tw | As one of the main development directions in the information field, big data technology can  be applied for data mining, data analysis and data sharing in the massive data, and it created  huge economic benefits by using the potential value of data. Meanwhile, it can provide …
A survey of data partitioning and sampling methods to support big data analysis | MS Mahmud, JZ Huang, S Salloum… - Big Data Mining and …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Computer clusters with the shared-nothing architecture are the major computing platforms for  big data processing and analysis. In cluster computing, data partitioning and sampling are  two fundamental strategies to speed up the computation of big data and increase scalability. …
P4visor: Lightweight virtualization and composition primitives for building and testing modular programs | P Zheng, T Benson, C Hu - … of the 14th International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In this section, we describe several well-understood principles used within production  networks (eg, Google and Facebook) to ensure highly-available networks (… In Proceedings of  the 26th Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP ’17). ACM, New York, NY, USA, …
Shinjuku: Preemptive scheduling for μsecond-scale tail latency | K Kaffes, T Chong, JT Humphries, A Belay… - … {USENIX} Symposium …, 2019 - usenix.org | … This paper presents Shinjuku, a single-address space operating system that implements  preemptive scheduling at the microsecond-scale and improves tail latency and throughput for  both light- and heavy-tailed service time distributions. Shinjuku deemphasizes RSS in favor of …
Streaming graph partitioning: an experimental study | Z Abbas, V Kalavri, P Carbone, V Vlassov - Proceedings of the VLDB …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Graph partitioning is an essential yet challenging task for massive graph analysis in distributed  computing. Common graph partitioning methods scan the complete graph to obtain structural  characteristics offline, before partitioning. However, the emerging need for low-latency, …
Dostoevsky: Better space-time trade-offs for LSM-tree based key-value stores via adaptive removal of superfluous merging | N Dayan, S Idreos - Proceedings of the 2018 International Conference …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | In this paper, we show that all mainstream LSM-tree based key-value stores in the literature  and in industry are suboptimal with respect to how they trade off among the I/O costs of  updates, point lookups, range lookups, as well as the cost of storage, measured as space-…
Application-transparent scheduling of socket system calls on many-core systems | J Kim, JY Cho, HW Jin - … of the 2018 Symposium on Architectures for …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Thus, in order to fully utilize the high network bandwidth over many-core systems, the network  protocol stacks implemented in operating systems have revolved aiming to utilize several  cores in parallel [5, 9]. For example, Receive Side Scaling (RSS) allows the Network Interface …
Using meta-heuristics and machine learning for software optimization of parallel computing systems: a systematic literature review | S Memeti, S Pllana, A Binotto, J Kołodziej, I Brandic - Computing, 2019 - Springer | … MPPs are distributed memory systems where a larger number of processing units (or …  no system resources, they have their own operating system, and communicate through high-speed  network. The main computing models within the distributed parallel computing systems …
Recent advances in consensus protocols for blockchain: a survey | S Wan, M Li, G Liu, C Wang - Wireless networks, 2020 - Springer | … Casper is a security-deposit based PoS protocol prepared for Ethereum v2.0 [58], a  blockchain-based distributed computing platform and operating system. To address the  nothing-at-stake attack of PoS, Casper has implemented a process; in this way, they can pass away …
Graph structure and statistical properties of ethereum transaction relationships | D Guo, J Dong, K Wang - Information Sciences, 2019 - Elsevier | In recent years, the rapid development of blockchain technologies has attracted considerable  attention. However, little effort has been devoted toward investigating the large amount of  trade data recorded in blockchains. This paper focuses on transaction data in Ethereum, …
Scalable system scheduling for HPC and big data | A Reuther, C Byun, W Arcand, D Bestor… - Journal of Parallel and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … In the rapidly expanding field of parallel processing, job schedulers are the “operating  systems” of modern big data architectures and supercomputing systems. Job schedulers allocate  computing resources and control the execution of processes on those resources. Historically, …
Model checking boot code from AWS data centers | B Cook, K Khazem, D Kroening, S Tasiran… - … Methods in System …, 2021 - Springer | … (5) A boot loader for the operating system launches the operating system itself. The security of  each stage, including operating system launched for the … In: 36th annual ACM SIGPLANSIGACT  symposium on principles of programming languages. ACM, New York, pp 302–314 …
Blockchain technology in the oil and gas industry: A review of applications, opportunities, challenges, and risks | H Lu, K Huang, M Azimi, L Guo - Ieee Access, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … 9), such as complex operating system and production process, little intersection of  information technology (IT) and operation technology (OT), delay of real-time system caused  by firewall, inconsistency of network standards among departments, irregular updating of …
Blockchains from a distributed computing perspective | M Herlihy - Communications of the ACM, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … The abstraction at the heart of blockchain systems is the notion of a ledger, an invention of  the Italian Renaissance originally developed to support double-entry bookkeeping, a distant  precursor of modern cryptocurrencies. For our purposes, a ledger is just an indelible, append-…
ret2spec: Speculative execution using return stack buffers | G Maisuradze, C Rossow - Proceedings of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We show how local attackers can gain arbitrary speculative code execution across processes,  eg, to leak passwords another user enters on a shared system. Our evaluation showed that  the recent Spectre countermeasures deployed in operating systems can also cover such …
Deepmutation: Mutation testing of deep learning systems | L Ma, F Zhang, J Sun, M Xue, B Li… - … Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep learning (DL) defines a new data-driven programming paradigm where the internal  system logic is largely shaped by the training data. The standard way of evaluating DL models  is to examine their performance on a test dataset. The quality of the test dataset is of great …
Polypheny-DB: towards a distributed and self-adaptive polystore | M Vogt, A Stiemer, H Schuldt - 2018 IEEE International …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … of a distributed polystore system that seamlessly combines replication and partitioning with  local polystores and that is able to dynamically adapt all parts of the system when the workload  changes. We present the basic building blocks for both parts of the system and we discuss …
Demystifying arm trustzone: A comprehensive survey | S Pinto, N Santos - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In particular, by constraining the operating system (OS) to operate within the boundaries of  the normal world, critical applications can … reported weaknesses of existing systems and show  that additional research is required before TrustZone-based systems can reach full maturity. …
Reliability and high availability in cloud computing environments: a reference roadmap | MR Mesbahi, AM Rahmani… - Human-centric Computing …, 2018 - Springer | … that can affect system reliability. Based on the conclusion of [65], we propose the hypothesis  that failures of components follow the Pareto principle in cloud computing … In: Proceedings  of the twenty-third ACM symposium on operating systems principles. ACM, Cascais …
IoT sensor integration to Node-RED platform | M Lekić, G Gardašević - 2018 17th International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Cloud platform implies using the operating system via the Internet, without the need for  download and installation. PaaS offers a variety of … NOOBS allows the user to install a couple  of operating systems and to switch between them. The operating systems currently included in …
The real-time linux kernel: A survey on preempt_rt | F Reghenzani, G Massari, W Fornaciari - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In the latter case, the applications usually require services to operating systems via system  calls. This triggers a switch from user space to kernel space that consists of an execution mode  change that enables the software to run privileged instructions and to unrestrictedly access …
Automatic software repair: a bibliography | M Monperrus - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … [197] defines annotations for operating system C code to recover from driver errors in Linux.  The annotations are checked by a type system and drives invariant restoration. Demsky and  Dash [35] proposes Bristlecone, a language with built-in robustness capabilities. Bristlecone …
Identifying impactful service system problems via log analysis | S He, Q Lin, JG Lou, H Zhang, MR Lyu… - … and Symposium on the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … However, these logs are highly imbalanced in general, because most logs indicate normal  system operations, and only a small percentage of logs reveal impactful problems. Problems  that lead to the decline of system KPIs (Key Performance Indicators) are impactful and should …
Hyperledger fabric: a distributed operating system for permissioned blockchains | E Androulaki, A Barger, V Bortnikov, C Cachin… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … This makes Fabric the first distributed operating system [54] for permissioned blockchains.  The architecture of Fabric follows a novel execute-order-validate paradigm for distributed  execution of untrusted code in an untrusted environment. It separates the transaction flow into …
A directed acyclic graph approach to online log parsing | P He, J Zhu, P Xu, Z Zheng, MR Lyu - arXiv preprint arXiv:1806.04356, 2018 - arxiv.org | … To evaluate the performance of Drain, we collect 11 log datasets generated by real-world  systems, ranging from distributed systems, Web applications, supercomputers, operating  systems, to standalone software. The experimental results show that Drain has the highest …
Rapidchain: Scaling blockchain via full sharding | M Zamani, M Movahedi, M Raykova - Proceedings of the 2018 ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | A major approach to overcoming the performance and scalability limitations of current  blockchain protocols is to use sharding which is to split the overheads of processing transactions  among multiple, smaller groups of nodes. These groups work in parallel to maximize …
PP: Popularity-based proactive data recovery for HDFS RAID systems | S Wu, W Zhu, B Mao, KC Li - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … A SATA disk is used to house the operating system (Linux Ubuntu 14.0.1) and other software  (Hadoop 0.22.0). The reason why we do not use the newest Hadoop version is twofold: HDFS  RAID is an integrated module of Hadoop 0.22.0, and degraded-first scheduling scheme is …
A byzantine fault-tolerant ordering service for the hyperledger fabric blockchain platform | J Sousa, A Bessani, M Vukolic - … systems and networks (DSN), 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Abstract—Hyperledger Fabric is a flexible operating system for permissioned blockchains  designed for business applications beyond the … Our aim here is not to evaluate the whole  Fabric system, but only the ordering service, which may typically be the bottleneck of the system. …
Graph processing on GPUs: A survey | X Shi, Z Zheng, Y Zhou, H Jin, L He, B Liu… - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In this survey, we group the GPU graphprocessing systems into two categories, ie, graph-processing  systems on a single GPU and those … processing systems, including their data layout,  parallel graph programming models, and their system implementations and optimizations. …
Time, clocks, and the ordering of events in a distributed system | L Lamport - Concurrency: the Works of Leslie Lamport, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The concept of one event happening before another in a distributed system is examined, and is  shown to define a partial ordering of the events. A distributed algorithm is given for synchronizing  a system of logical clocks which can be used to totally order the events. The use of …
Snowflake to avalanche: A novel metastable consensus protocol family for cryptocurrencies | T Rocket - Available [online].[Accessed: 4-12 …, 2018 - knowen-production.s3.amazonaws … | … well compared to existing systems that deliver similar functionality. For our implementation  and setup, the bottleneck of the system is in transaction verification. … We show that this is a  sensible tradeoff, and that resulting system is sufficient for building complex payment systems. …
Enabling a permanent revolution in internet architecture | J McCauley, Y Harchol, A Panda, B Raghavan… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … First, we must distinguish between the broad concerns of operating systems and applications,  and the more narrow responsibilities of the network itself. Second, for those concerns that  are the responsibility of the network, we must distinguish between those which must be …
An automated approach to estimating code coverage measures via execution logs | B Chen, J Song, P Xu, X Hu, ZM Jiang - Proceedings of the 33rd ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Software testing is a widely used technique to ensure the quality of software systems. Code  coverage measures are commonly used to evaluate and improve the existing test suites.  Based on our industrial and open source studies, existing state-of-the-art code coverage tools …
The art, science, and engineering of fuzzing: A survey | VJM Manès, HS Han, C Han, SK Cha… - IEEE Transactions …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Moreover, this policy is efficient and simple because operating systems allow such  exceptional situations to be trapped by the fuzzer … tests for complex systems programs,” in  Proceedings of the USENIX Symposium on Operating System Design and Implementation, 2008, …
Server selection, configuration and reconfiguration technology for IaaS cloud with multiple server types | Y Yamato - Journal of Network and Systems Management, 2018 - Springer | We propose a server selection, configuration, reconfiguration and automatic performance  verification technology to meet user functional and performance requirements on various  types of cloud compute servers. Various servers mean there are not only virtual machines on …
Morton filters: faster, space-efficient cuckoo filters via biasing, compression, and decoupled logical sparsity | AD Breslow, NS Jayasena - Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Approximate set membership data structures (ASMDSs) are ubiquitous in computing. They  trade a tunable, often small, error rate (ϵ) for large space savings. The canonical ASMDS is  the Bloom filter, which supports lookups and insertions but not deletions in its simplest form. …
Spectre is here to stay: An analysis of side-channels and speculative execution | R Mcilroy, J Sevcik, T Tebbi, BL Titzer… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … In principle, memory-safe languages can guarantee strong isolation similar to process  isolation as offered by common hardware and operating systems. There even have been serious  efforts [14, 26] to build operating systems where processes share the same address space …
Foreshadow: Extracting the keys to the intel {SGX} kingdom with transient out-of-order execution | J Van Bulck, M Minkin, O Weisse, D Genkin… - … } Security Symposium  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … It becomes inherently difficult to place trust in modern, widely used operating systems and  applications whose sizes can easily reach … running at any privilege level, including a  potentially malicious operating system and/or hypervisor. Besides strong memory isolation, TEEs …
A case for serverless machine learning | J Carreira, P Fonseca, A Tumanov… - … on Systems for ML and …, 2018 - cs.purdue.edu | … To evaluate the need for a system specialized both for ML and serverless, we compare  the performance of two systems, each specialized along a different dimension: PyWren [9]  and Bosen [13]. PyWren is a map-reduce framework specialized for serverless architectures. …
{DIZK}: A distributed zero knowledge proof system | H Wu, W Zheng, A Chiesa, RA Popa… - … } Security Symposium  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Recently there has been much academic and industrial interest in practical implementations  of zero knowledge proofs. These techniques allow a party to prove to another party that a  given statement is true without revealing any additional information. In a Bitcoin-like system, …
Faster: A concurrent key-value store with in-place updates | B Chandramouli, G Prasaad, D Kossmann… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Several caching protocols have been proposed in the context of buffer pool management  in databases and virtual memory management in operating systems such as First-In First-Out  (FIFO), CLOCK, Least Recently Used (LRU) and an extended version of LRU, the LRU-K[33] …
Flowblaze: Stateful packet processing in hardware | S Pontarelli, R Bifulco, M Bonola, C Cascone… - … {USENIX} Symposium …, 2019 - usenix.org | Programmable NICs allow for better scalability to handle growing network workloads,  however, providing an expressive, yet simple, abstraction to program stateful network functions  in hardware remains a research challenge. We address the problem with FlowBlaze, an open …
Optimus: an efficient dynamic resource scheduler for deep learning clusters | Y Peng, Y Bao, Y Chen, C Wu, C Guo - Proceedings of the Thirteenth …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We can also apply these principles to asynchronous training jobs to balance the training  speeds of multiple workers. Based on these principles, we design a placement scheme to  minimize the data transfer time during training as follows. We sort all servers in the cluster in …
Understanding linux malware | E Cozzi, M Graziano, Y Fratantonio… - 2018 IEEE symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … However, and quite unexpectedly, it can be challenging to discern ELF programs compiled  for Linux from other ELFcompatible operating systems, such as FreeBSD or Android. The ELF  headers include an “OS/ABI” field that, in principle, should specify which operating system …
Secloak: Arm trustzone-based mobile peripheral control | M Lentz, R Sen, P Druschel… - … on Mobile Systems …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Reliable on-off control of peripherals on smart devices is a key to security and privacy in  many scenarios. Journalists want to reliably turn off radios to protect their sources during  investigative reporting. Users wish to ensure cameras and microphones are reliably off during …
Design choices and trade-offs in health care blockchain implementations: systematic review | O O'donoghue, AA Vazirani, D Brindley… - Journal of medical …, 2019 - jmir.org | Background A blockchain is a list of records that uses cryptography to make stored data  immutable; their use has recently been proposed for electronic medical record (EMR) systems.  This paper details a systematic review of trade-offs in blockchain technologies that are …
Evaluating persistent memory range indexes | L Lersch, X Hao, I Oukid, T Wang… - Proceedings of the VLDB …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … • Despite the different designs, there are several effective key building blocks and principles  that should be followed when designing … In Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth ACM  Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, SOSP ’13, pages 18–32, 2013. [37] A. van Renen…
System evaluation of the intel optane byte-addressable nvm | IB Peng, MB Gokhale, EW Green - … Symposium on Memory Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … The platform runs operating system Fedora 29 with GNU/Linux 5.1.0. We compile all  applications using GCC 8.3.1 compiler with support for OpenMP. We use the Intel Memory  Latency Checker (MLC) [9] to quantify the latency and bandwidth for benchmarking. …
Dlfuzz: Differential fuzzing testing of deep learning systems | J Guo, Y Jiang, Y Zhao, Q Chen, J Sun - … Symposium on the Foundations …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Deep learning (DL) systems are increasingly applied to safety-critical domains such as  autonomous driving cars. It is of significant importance to ensure the reliability and robustness  of DL systems. Existing testing methodologies always fail to include rare inputs in the testing …
Finding and fixing performance pathologies in persistent memory software stacks | J Xu, J Kim, A Memaripour, S Swanson - … and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … systems share two key characteristics: First, they implement direct access (DAX) features.  DAX lets the file system avoid using the operating system … the bottlenecks and understand  how both applications and the operating system should adapt to exploit NVMM performance. We …
A factory operating system for extending existing factories to Industry 4.0 | S Lass, N Gronau - Computers in industry, 2020 - Elsevier | … to operating systems and their function - abstraction from the underlying hardware and the  management of hardware resources [39] - the software components of the boxes are subsumed  with the term factory operating system (… Similar to the driver concept of operating systems it …
Scalable distributed dnn training using tensorflow and cuda-aware mpi: Characterization, designs, and performance evaluation | AA Awan, J Bédorf, CH Chu… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Recent optimizations have however reduced the number of copy operations required to  convert GPU buffers into protobuf messages. All the communication operations are handled  by … We use this as a key principle for all the multi-node experiments performed in this paper. …
Locally differentially private frequent itemset mining | T Wang, N Li, S Jha - 2018 IEEE Symposium on Security and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The notion of Local Differential Privacy (LDP) enables users to respond to sensitive questions  while preserving their privacy. The basic LDP frequent oracle (FO) protocol enables an  aggregator to estimate the frequency of any value. But when each user has a set of values, one …
Deephunter: a coverage-guided fuzz testing framework for deep neural networks | X Xie, L Ma, F Juefei-Xu, M Xue, H Chen, Y Liu… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The past decade has seen the great potential of applying deep neural network (DNN) based  software to safety-critical scenarios, such as autonomous driving. Similar to traditional  software, DNNs could exhibit incorrect behaviors, caused by hidden defects, leading to severe …
Desh: deep learning for system health prediction of lead times to failure in hpc | A Das, F Mueller, C Siegel, A Vishnu - … the 27th International Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Desh identifies failure indicators with enhanced training and classification for generic  applicability to logs from operating systems and software components without the need to modify  any of them. Desh uses a novel three-phase deep learning approach to (1) train to recognize …
Conceptual framework for the security of mobile health applications on android platform | M Hussain, AA Zaidan, BB Zidan, S Iqbal… - Telematics and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … mHealth apps operate on mobile platforms, and because the Android operating system is  chosen as the target platform in this article, there … mHealth apps operate on mobile platforms,  and because the Android operating system is chosen as the target platform in this study, there …
Big data analytics for large-scale wireless networks: Challenges and opportunities | HN Dai, RCW Wong, H Wang, Z Zheng… - ACM Computing …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … For example, to improve user experience in text input in mobile devices, mobile operating  systems often collect … We start the introduction from simple file systems at a single personal  computer (PC) to distributed file systems. In a PC, a file system is mainly used for the purpose of …
Amplification by shuffling: From local to central differential privacy via anonymity | Ú Erlingsson, V Feldman, I Mironov… - … ACM-SIAM Symposium …, 2019 - SIAM | Sensitive statistics are often collected across sets of users, with repeated collection of reports  done over time. For example, trends in users’ private preferences or software usage may be  monitored via such reports. We study the collection of such statistics in the local differential …
Frankenstein: Advanced wireless fuzzing to exploit new bluetooth escalation targets | J Ruge, J Classen, F Gringoli, M Hollick - … {USENIX} Security Symposium …, 2020 - usenix.org | … The speed-up of our new fuzzing method is sufficient to maintain interoperability with the  attached operating system, hence triggering realistic full-stack behavior. We demonstrate  the potential of Frankenstein by finding three zero-click vulnerabilities in the Broadcom and …
Seismic: Secure in-lined script monitors for interrupting cryptojacks | W Wang, B Ferrell, X Xu, KW Hamlen, S Hao - … Symposium on Research in …, 2018 - Springer | … browser-agnostic deployment strategy that is applicable to average end-user systems  without specialized hardware or operating systems. … In this scenario, our goal is to design and  implement an IRM system that automatically transforms incoming Wasm binaries to dynamically …
Throughput and latency of virtual switching with open vswitch: A quantitative analysis | P Emmerich, D Raumer, S Gallenmüller… - … of Network and Systems …, 2018 - Springer | … underlying hardware and its configuration, the network stack of the operating system, the  virtualization hypervisor, and traffic characteristics (eg, … Explicitly mapping virtual machines  and interrupts to specific cores is also an important configuration of a system as we show with a …
An FPGA framework for edge-centric graph processing | S Zhou, R Kannan, H Zeng, VK Prasanna - Proceedings of the 15th ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Many emerging real-world applications require fast processing of large-scale data represented  in the form of graphs. In this paper, we design a Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA)  framework to accelerate graph algorithms based on the edge-centric paradigm. Our design is …
Principles of feature modeling | D Nešić, J Krüger, Ș Stănciulescu… - … and Symposium on the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We believe that our principles can support researchers and practitioners enhancing  feature-modeling tooling, synthesis, and analyses … We note that there are domains, such as  operating systems, where high numbers of numerical features exist (P14, P17). M11: Document the …
State machine replication in the libra blockchain | M Baudet, A Ching, A Chursin, G Danezis… - The Libra Assn., Tech …, 2019 - cryptorating.eu | This report presents LibraBFT, a robust and efficient state machine replication system designed  for the Libra Blockchain. LibraBFT is based on HotStuff, a recent protocol that leverages  several decades of scientific advances in Byzantine fault tolerance (BFT) and achieves the …
Pivot tracing: Dynamic causal monitoring for distributed systems | J Mace, R Roelke, R Fonseca - ACM Transactions on Computer Systems …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Panelists at 2011 workshop on managing large scale systems (SLAML’11) [36] discussed  the important need to “close the loop of operations … In Fay, only probes in the same address  space can share information, while in DTrace, the scope is limited to a single operating system …
Formal specification for deep neural networks | SA Seshia, A Desai, T Dreossi, DJ Fremont… - International Symposium …, 2018 - Springer | The increasing use of deep neural networks in a variety of applications, including some  safety-critical ones, has brought renewed interest in the topic of verification of neural  networks. However, verification is most meaningful when performed with high-quality formal …
S-faas: Trustworthy and accountable function-as-a-service using intel SGX | F Alder, N Asokan, A Kurnikov, A Paverd… - Proceedings of the 2019 …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Function-as-a-Service (FaaS) is a recent and popular cloud computing paradigm in which the  function provider specifies a function to be run and is billed only for the computational resources  used by that function. Compared to other cloud paradigms, FaaS requires significantly …
Dissecting tendermint | Y Amoussou-Guenou, A Del Pozzo… - … on Networked Systems, 2019 - Springer | … Our methodology consists in identifying the algorithmic principles of Tendermint necessary  for a specific system model. The current paper dissects Tendermint under two communication  models: synchronous and eventually synchronous ones. This methodology allowed to …
Fuzzing: Art, science, and engineering | VJM Manes, HS Han, C Han, SK Cha, M Egele… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - jiliac.com | … In addition, this policy is efficient and simple to implement, since operating systems allow  such exceptional situations to be trapped by the fuzzer without any instrumentation. However,  the traditional policy of detecting crashes will not detect every memory vulnerability that is …
GB-PANDAS: Throughput and heavy-traffic optimality analysis for affinity scheduling | A Yekkehkhany, A Hojjati, MH Hajiesmaili - ACM SIGMETRICS …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Dynamic affinity scheduling has been an open problem for nearly three decades. The problem  is to dynamically schedule multi-type tasks to multi-skilled servers such that the resulting  queueing system is both stable in the capacity region (throughput optimality) and the mean …
Less is more: quantifying the security benefits of debloating web applications | BA Azad, P Laperdrix, N Nikiforakis - 28th {USENIX} Security Symposium …, 2019 - usenix.org | … The principle of software debloating has been successfully tried on operating systems (both  to build unikernel OSs [53] and to remove unnecessary code from the Linux kernel [51,52])  and more recently on shared libraries [56,61] and compiled binary applications [42]. …
The mutual exclusion problem: part I---A theory of interprocess communication | L Lamport - Concurrency: the Works of Leslie Lamport, 2019 - dl.acm.org | A novel formal theory of concurrent systems that does not assume any atomic operations is  introduced. The execution of a concurrent program is modeled as an abstract set of operation  executions with two temporal ordering relations:" precedence" and" can causally affect". A …
Attacks meet interpretability: Attribute-steered detection of adversarial samples | G Tao, S Ma, Y Liu, X Zhang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1810.11580, 2018 - arxiv.org | … Our proposed AmI system lies in the second genre. … Our AmI system also relies on  classification inconsistencies, although AmI leverages interpretability of FRSes and has significantly  better performance than feature squeezing in the context of face recognition, as shown in §4.2. …
Towards mission-critical control at the edge and over 5G | P Skarin, W Tärneberg, KE Årzen… - 2018 IEEE international …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We also provide an evaluation of the system while operating a mission-critical application and  provide an outlook on a novel research … In order to observe the system’s performance  potential, we choose to limit the study to normal operating conditions. Notably, the connections to …
K-Miner: Uncovering Memory Corruption in Linux. | D Gens, S Schmitt, L Davi, AR Sadeghi - NDSS, 2018 - ndss-symposium.org | … Many defenses have been proposed to protect operating systems at run time, such as  control-flow integrity (CFI). However, the goal of … of operating system kernels. In this paper,  we present K-Miner, a new framework to efficiently analyze large, commodity operating system …
The role of interactivity in local differential privacy | M Joseph, J Mao, S Neel, A Roth - … 60th Annual Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We study the power of interactivity in local differential privacy. First, we focus on the difference  between fully interactive and sequentially interactive protocols. Sequentially interactive  protocols may query users adaptively in sequence, but they cannot return to previously queried …
Turboflow: Information rich flow record generation on commodity switches | J Sonchack, AJ Aviv, E Keller, JM Smith - Proceedings of the Thirteenth …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … The Tofino implementation required platform specific code for the stateful operations, while  … In Proceedings of the ACM SIGOPS 22nd symposium on Operating systems principles. ACM,  … In Proceedings of the 26th Symposium on Operating Systems Principles. ACM, 121–136. …
Videoedge: Processing camera streams using hierarchical clusters | CC Hung, G Ananthanarayanan… - … /ACM Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Organizations deploy a hierarchy of clusters - cameras, private clusters, public clouds - for  analyzing live video feeds from their cameras. Video analytics queries have many implementation  options which impact their resource demands and accuracy of outputs. Our objective is …
Smartphone based bioanalytical and diagnosis applications: A review | S Kanchi, MI Sabela, PS Mdluli, K Bisetty - Biosensors and Bioelectronics, 2018 - Elsevier | … Due to recent advancements in the technology and the introduction of user friendly  operating systems and applications, the smartphones have replaced laptops and desktop  computers. Taking this fact into account, researchers have designed sensing …
An empirical study towards characterizing deep learning development and deployment across different frameworks and platforms | Q Guo, S Chen, X Xie, L Ma, Q Hu, H Liu… - 2019 34th IEEE/ACM …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We record the System Memory consumption in prediction process. Notably, we do not  record the system memory consumption and energy of … testing of deep learning systems,”  in Proceedings of the 26th Symposium on Operating Systems Principles. ACM, 2017, pp. 1–18. …
Automated detection, exploitation, and elimination of double-fetch bugs using modern CPU features | M Schwarz, D Gruss, M Lipp, C Maurice… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We will now discuss how DECAF augments existing fuzzers to discover double fetches  within operating system kernels fully automatically. … Thereby, we demonstrate that DECAF  is a generic technique and does not depend on a specific fuzzer or operating system. Our …
G-miner: an efficient task-oriented graph mining system | H Chen, M Liu, Y Zhao, X Yan, D Yan… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … As we will analyze in §2-§3, these systems suffer from problems such as low CPU utilization  (due to synchronization barrier) and high … To address the limitations of existing systems,  we propose GMiner, based on a re-design of both the computational model and the system …
Hygcn: A gcn accelerator with hybrid architecture | M Yan, L Deng, X Hu, L Liang, Y Feng… - … Symposium on High …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Inspired by the great success of neural networks, graph convolutional neural networks (GCNs)  are proposed to analyze graph data. GCNs mainly include two phases with distinct execution  patterns. The Aggregation phase, behaves as graph processing, showing a dynamic and …
Albumentations: fast and flexible image augmentations | A Buslaev, VI Iglovikov, E Khvedchenya, A Parinov… - Information, 2020 - mdpi.com | … We present Albumentations, a fast and flexible open source library for image  augmentation with many various image transform operations available that is also an easy-to-use  wrapper around other augmentation libraries. We discuss the design principles that drove the …
Characterizing the natural language descriptions in software logging statements | P He, Z Chen, S He, MR Lyu - Proceedings of the 33rd ACM/IEEE …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Description text describes the specific system operation in runtime, which is the main focus of  this paper, while variables record necessary system status (eg, IP address). Elaborate  description text can accelerate reliability enhancement tasks by providing better understanding of …
Graphq: Scalable pim-based graph processing | Y Zhuo, C Wang, M Zhang, R Wang, D Niu… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Following this principle, the destination cubes should be “interleaved”: in the first round, cube  0 generates a message to cube 1, cube 1 generates … If we replace most AUs with PUs, the  system is bottlenecked by the AU operations, ie, writing to SPM. In this setting, total cycles will …
Helen: Maliciously secure coopetitive learning for linear models | W Zheng, RA Popa, JE Gonzalez… - 2019 IEEE Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In this paper, we design and build Helen, a system that allows multiple parties to train a  linear model without revealing their data, a setting we call coopetitive learning. Compared  to prior secure training systems, Helen protects against a much stronger adversary who is …
Bitcoin: A natural oligopoly | N Arnosti, SM Weinberg - arXiv preprint arXiv:1811.08572, 2018 - arxiv.org | Although Bitcoin was intended to be a decentralized digital currency, in practice, mining power  is quite concentrated. This fact is a persistent source of concern for the Bitcoin community.  We provide an explanation using a simple model to capture miners' incentives to invest in …
Using high-bandwidth networks efficiently for fast graph computation | Y Cheng, H Jiang, F Wang, Y Hua… - … Distributed Systems, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … First, in order to avoid kernel overhead of operating system, our communication model first  employs the Data Plane Development Kit (DPDK) [15], a fast user-space packet processing  framework that has been gaining increasing attention [12], [15], [16], [19]. DPDK allows user-…
Resource management in fog/edge computing: a survey on architectures, infrastructure, and algorithms | CH Hong, B Varghese - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Although they share the same OS kernel, they still offer operating systems virtualization  principles [133] where each user is given an isolated environment for running applications. The  architecture of containers is shown in the middle of Figure 13. Namespaces in Linux provide …
Formal security analysis of neural networks using symbolic intervals | S Wang, K Pei, J Whitehouse, J Yang… - … } Security Symposium  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Due to the increasing deployment of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) in real-world security-critical  domains including autonomous vehicles and collision avoidance systems, formally  checking security properties of DNNs, especially under different attacker capabilities, is …
A survey and classification of the workload forecasting methods in cloud computing | M Masdari, A Khoshnevis - Cluster Computing, 2020 - Springer | … the horizontal case [12], more VMs are provisioned as predicted to deal with the future  loads and in the vertical case, the existing VMs’ resources should be increased [7, 13, 14],  but often operating systems do not allow such changes because of the security risks [15,16,17,18]. …
DHL: Enabling flexible software network functions with FPGA acceleration | X Li, X Wang, F Liu, H Xu - … on Distributed Computing Systems  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Then we evaluate our DHL system in Section V and discuss the improvement and applicable  scenarios in Section VI. Next, we survey the … For most common operations – table lookup,  we find that searching an LPM (longest prefix match) table takes 60 CPU cycles on average (…
Digital video microscopy enhanced by deep learning | S Helgadottir, A Argun, G Volpe - Optica, 2019 - osapublishing.org | Single particle tracking is essential in many branches of science and technology, from the  measurement of biomolecular forces to the study of colloidal crystals. Standard methods rely  on algorithmic approaches; by fine-tuning several user-defined parameters, these methods …
Static automated program repair for heap properties | R van Tonder, CL Goues - … of the 40th International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … , and do not perform removal operations, because the types of bugs we consider are typically  caused by the lack of certain operations on … to real bugs in real and actively developed  open-source systems; we include discussion of sources of failures and other technique …
Stateless datacenter load-balancing with beamer | V Olteanu, A Agache, A Voinescu… - 15th {USENIX} Symposium …, 2018 - usenix.org | … While in principle daisy chaining can be left running forever, we try to avoid migrating  buckets that are being daisy chained. That is why our Linux kernel implementation uses a hard  timeout of four minutes for daisy chaining. There is one subtle corner case where daisy chaining …
Model assertions for debugging machine learning | D Kang, D Raghavan, P Bailis… - NeurIPS MLSys …, 2018 - www-cs.stanford.edu | Abstract Machine learning models are increasingly being deployed in mission-critical settings,  such as self-driving cars. However, these models can fail in complex ways (eg, a vehicle on  autopilot repeatedly accelerated towards lane dividers), so it is imperative that application …
PIR with compressed queries and amortized query processing | S Angel, H Chen, K Laine… - … symposium on security and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Private information retrieval (PIR) is a key building block in many privacy-preserving systems.  Unfortunately, existing constructions remain very expensive. This paper introduces two  techniques that make the computational variant of PIR (CPIR) more efficient in practice. The first …
Recent advancements in event processing | M Dayarathna, S Perera - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2018 - dl.acm.org | Event processing (EP) is a data processing technology that conducts online processing of  event information. In this survey, we summarize the latest cutting-edge work done on EP from  both industrial and academic research community viewpoints. We divide the entire field of EP …
Graph processing on fpgas: Taxonomy, survey, challenges | M Besta, D Stanojevic, JDF Licht, T Ben-Nun… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … However, as the proposed design is implemented on an FPGA system, we include it in this …  In Proceedings of the 19th ACM/SIGDA international symposium on Field programmable gate  … In Proceedings of the first annual ACM symposium on Parallel algorithms and architectures, …
The architecture of computer hardware, systems software, and networking: An information technology approach | I Englander, W Wong - 2021 - books.google.com | … In this chapter, we introduce the various tasks to be performed by the operating system  software. We show the various ways in which the operating system software interacts with the  user and with application programs. We show how the operating system is implemented to allow …
Chi: A scalable and programmable control plane for distributed stream processing systems | L Mai, K Zeng, R Potharaju, L Xu, S Suh… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … cies without requiring expensive global synchronization operations. In this section, we show  how we incorporate these principles into our control-plane design and provide several  examples to describe how we can easily build different control operations on top. We conclude …
Formal verification of neural network controlled autonomous systems | X Sun, H Khedr, Y Shoukry - … International Conference on Hybrid Systems …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In this paper, we consider the problem of formally verifying the safety of an autonomous robot  equipped with a Neural Network (NN) controller that processes LiDAR images to produce  control actions. Given a workspace that is characterized by a set of polytopic obstacles, our …
DeepRoad: GAN-based metamorphic testing and input validation framework for autonomous driving systems | M Zhang, Y Zhang, L Zhang, C Liu… - 2018 33rd IEEE/ACM …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … can the autopilot system operate safely on the snow-covered road, or the story just ends  with a tragedy? Autonomous driving is expected to … Further, we apply Principle Component  Analysis (PCA) technique to reduce feature dimension of input and training data as follows: …
Automated API-usage update for Android apps | M Fazzini, Q Xin, A Orso - … 28th ACM SIGSOFT international symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Mobile apps rely heavily on the application programming interface (API) provided by their  underlying operating system (OS). Because OS and API can change frequently, … One common  trait of these apps is that they rely heavily on the underlying operating system (OS), which …
Evaluating blockchains for IoT | R Han, V Gramoli, X Xu - 2018 9Th IFIP international …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | As proof-of-work blockchains are inherently energy greedy and offer probabilistic guarantees,  blockchains based on Byzantine consensus appear as a promising technology to track  billions of connected devices. In this paper, we evaluate the performance of prominent …
NL2Type: inferring JavaScript function types from natural language information | RS Malik, J Patra, M Pradel - 2019 IEEE/ACM 41st International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | JavaScript is dynamically typed and hence lacks the type safety of statically typed languages,  leading to suboptimal IDE support, difficult to understand APIs, and unexpected runtime  behavior. Several gradual type systems have been proposed, eg, Flow and TypeScript, but they …
Robust anomaly detection and backdoor attack detection via differential privacy | M Du, R Jia, D Song - arXiv preprint arXiv:1911.07116, 2019 - arxiv.org | … Detecting large-scale system problems by mining console logs. In Proceedings of the ACM  SIGOPS 22nd symposium on Operating systems principles, pages 117… In Proceedings of the  forty-seventh annual ACM symposium on Theory of computing, pages 117–126. ACM, 2015. …
Full-speed fuzzing: Reducing fuzzing overhead through coverage-guided tracing | S Nagy, M Hicks - 2019 IEEE Symposium on Security and …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To address noise from the operating system and other sources, we perform eight trials of  each dataset. For each set of trials per dataset, … Both host systems run Ubuntu 16.04 x86 64  operating systems, with six-core Intel Core i7-7800X CPU @ 3.50GHz, and 64GB RAM. All 10 …
Mi6: Secure enclaves in a speculative out-of-order processor | T Bourgeat, I Lebedev, A Wright, S Zhang… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Including supervisor mode in our analysis simplifies the problem because we do not have  to worry about what the operating system is doing to provide services such as virtual memory  to user mode programs. All configuration and usage of virtual memory falls entirely within a …
Hidden fluid mechanics: Learning velocity and pressure fields from flow visualizations | M Raissi, A Yazdani, GE Karniadakis - Science, 2020 - science.sciencemag.org | … For centuries, flow visualization has been the art of making fluid motion visible in physical  and biological systems. Although such flow patterns can be, in principle, described by the  Navier-Stokes equations, extracting the velocity and pressure fields directly from the images is …
The advances and challenges of deep learning application in biological big data processing | L Peng, M Peng, B Liao, G Huang, W Li… - Current …, 2018 - ingentaconnect.com | Background: Bioinformatics research comes into an era of big data. Mining potential value  in biological big data for scientific research and health care field has the vital significance.  Deep learning as new machine learning algorithms, on the basis of big data and high …
Sok: A consensus taxonomy in the blockchain era | J Garay, A Kiayias - Cryptographers' Track at the RSA Conference, 2020 - Springer | Consensus is arguably one of the most fundamental problems in distributed computing,  playing also an important role in the area of cryptographic protocols as the enabler of a secure  broadcast functionality. While the problem has a long and rich history and has been analyzed …
The Byzantine generals problem | L Lamport, R Shostak, M Pease - Concurrency: the Works of Leslie …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Reliable computer systems must handle malfunctioning components that give conflicting  information to different parts of the system. This situation can be expressed abstractly in terms  of a group of generals of the Byzantine army camped with their troops around an enemy city. …
Efficient distributed memory management with RDMA and caching | Q Cai, W Guo, H Zhang, D Agrawal, G Chen… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … the system architecture of GAM. Based on the partitioned global addressing model, GAM  provides a set of APIs for memory operations, and … In Proceedings of the tenth ACM SIGPLAN  symposium on Principles and practice of parallel programming, pages 36–47. ACM, 2005. …
Yes, we gan: Applying adversarial techniques for autonomous driving | M Uřičář, P Křížek, D Hurych, I Sobh… - Electronic …, 2019 - ingentaconnect.com | Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) have gained a lot of popularity from their introduction  in 2014 till present. Research on GAN is rapidly growing and there are many variants of the  original GAN focusing on various aspects of deep learning. GAN are perceived as the most …
Perspective on machine learning for advancing fluid mechanics | MP Brenner, JD Eldredge, JB Freund - Physical Review Fluids, 2019 - APS | A perspective is presented on how machine learning (ML), with its burgeoning popularity  and the increasing availability of portable implementations, might advance fluid mechanics.  As with any numerical or experimental method, ML methods have strengths and limitations, …
FlatStore: An efficient log-structured key-value storage engine for persistent memory | Y Chen, Y Lu, F Yang, Q Wang, Y Wang… - … and Operating Systems, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Emerging hardware like persistent memory (PM) and high-speed NICs are promising to build  efficient key-value stores. However, we observe that the small-sized access pattern in key-value  stores doesn't match with the persistence granularity in PMs, leaving the PM bandwidth …
A tale of two worlds: Assessing the vulnerability of enclave shielding runtimes | J Van Bulck, D Oswald, E Marin, A Aldoseri… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … This is highly similar to how a traditional operating system needs to context switch between  processes, and hence we found this to be a … state (ie, the struct’s individual members),  prior research on operating system kernel [7] and SGX enclave [23] interfaces has shown that …
Detecting adversarial samples for deep neural networks through mutation testing | J Wang, J Sun, P Zhang, X Wang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1805.05010, 2018 - arxiv.org | Recently, it has been shown that deep neural networks (DNN) are subject to attacks through  adversarial samples. Adversarial samples are often crafted through adversarial perturbation,  ie, manipulating the original sample with minor modifications so that the DNN model labels …
SCOPE: self-adaptive and policy-based data management middleware for federated clouds | A Rafique, D Van Landuyt… - Journal of …, 2019 - jisajournal.springeropen.com | … The compute node consists of 40 Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2660 v3 @ 2.60 GHz processor  with 120 GB RAM and runs the Linux/Ubuntu operating system. Additionally, we use one  client node (ie, running benchmarking application and acting as a client) to interfere with the …
Alleviating irregularity in graph analytics acceleration: a hardware/software co-design approach | M Yan, X Hu, S Li, A Basak, H Li, X Ma… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Graph analytics is an emerging application which extracts insights by processing large  volumes of highly connected data, namely graphs. The parallel processing of graphs has been  exploited at the algorithm level, which in turn incurs three irregularities onto computing and …
TVM: end-to-end optimization stack for deep learning | T Chen, T Moreau, Z Jiang, H Shen… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - dada.cs.washington.edu | … We adopt the principle of decoupling compute descriptions from schedule optimizations from  Halide [21]. Schedules are the specific rules that lower compute descriptions down to  back-end-optimized implementations. The idea is to formally model the schedule space and the …
Robust log-based anomaly detection on unstable log data | X Zhang, Y Xu, Q Lin, B Qiao, H Zhang… - … and Symposium on the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Large and complex software-intensive systems, such as online service systems and big data  systems, produce logs for troubleshooting. The … -scale system problems by mining console  logs. In Proceedings of the ACM SIGOPS 22nd symposium on Operating systems principles. …
Tbd: Benchmarking and analyzing deep neural network training | H Zhu, M Akrout, B Zheng, A Pelegris… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … More precisely, if a GPU’s theoretical peak capacity across all its cores is FLOPSpeak  single-precision floating point operations per second, we observe the actual number of floating  point operations executed during a period of T seconds that the GPU is active, to compute FP32 …
An empirical study on TensorFlow program bugs | Y Zhang, Y Chen, SC Cheung, Y Xiong… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … DeepXplore: Automated Whitebox Testing of Deep Learning Systems. In Proceedings of  the 26th Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, Shanghai, China, October 28-31,  2017. 1–18. https://doi.org/10.1145/3132747.3132785 [29] Erhard Rahm and Hong Hai Do. …
Building consistent transactions with inconsistent replication | I Zhang, NK Sharma, A Szekeres… - … on Computer Systems  …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Application programmers increasingly prefer distributed storage systems with strong  consistency and distributed transactions (eg, Google’s Spanner) for their strong guarantees and  ease of use. Unfortunately, existing transactional storage systems are expensive to use—in part, …
Evercrypt: A fast, verified, cross-platform cryptographic provider | J Protzenko, B Parno, A Fromherz… - … IEEE Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present EverCrypt: a comprehensive collection of verified, high-performance cryptographic  functionalities available via a carefully designed API. The API provably supports agility  (choosing between multiple algorithms for the same functionality) and multiplexing (choosing …
Efficient formal safety analysis of neural networks | S Wang, K Pei, J Whitehouse, J Yang… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | Neural networks are increasingly deployed in real-world safety-critical domains such as  autonomous driving, aircraft collision avoidance, and malware detection. However, these  networks have been shown to often mispredict on inputs with minor adversarial or even accidental …
RapidChain: A Fast Blockchain Protocol via Full Sharding. | M Zamani, M Movahedi, M Raykova - IACR Cryptol. ePrint Arch., 2018 - allquantor.at | … Our global nancial system is highly centralized making it resistant to change, vulnerable to  failures and attacks, and inaccessible to … At a high level, RapidChain partitions the set of  nodes into multiple smaller groups of nodes called committees that operate in parallel on disjoint …
Challenges of blockchain technology adoption for e-government: a systematic literature review | FR Batubara, J Ubacht, M Janssen - Proceedings of the 19th Annual …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … This will lead to the formulation of design principles for blockchain applications that take  the technological, organizational and contextual … In Proceedings of the 26th Symposium  on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP '17). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 51-68. DOI:https://doi.org/…
Black box fairness testing of machine learning models | A Aggarwal, P Lohia, S Nagar, K Dey… - … and Symposium on the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Any given AI system cannot be accepted unless its trustworthiness is proven. An important  characteristic of a trustworthy AI system is the absence of algorithmic bias.'Individual  discrimination'exists when a given individual different from another only in'protected attributes'(eg, …
Contamination attacks and mitigation in multi-party machine learning | J Hayes, O Ohrimenko - arXiv preprint arXiv:1901.02402, 2019 - arxiv.org | Machine learning is data hungry; the more data a model has access to in training, the more  likely it is to perform well at inference time. Distinct parties may want to combine their local data  to gain the benefits of a model trained on a large corpus of data. We consider such a case: …
LATR: Lazy translation coherence | MK Kumar, S Maass, S Kashyap, J Veselý… - … and Operating Systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We propose Latr—lazy TLB coherence—a software-based TLB shootdown mechanism that  can alleviate the overhead of the synchronous TLB shootdown mechanism in existing operating  systems. By handling the TLB coherence in a lazy fashion, Latr can avoid expensive IPIs …
Libseal: Revealing service integrity violations using trusted execution | PL Aublin, F Kelbert, D O'Keeffe… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of 21th ACM SIGOPS Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP ’07).  ACM, 175–188. [51] Kun He, Jing Chen, Ruiying … Controlled-channel attacks: Deterministic  side channels for untrusted operating systems. In 2015 IEEE Symposium on Security and …
Scoping the cyber security body of knowledge | A Rashid, G Danezis, H Chivers, E Lupu… - IEEE Security & …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Operating Systems and Virtualization Security Operating systems protection mechanisms,  implementing secure abstraction of hardware, and sharing of resources, including isolation  in multiuser systems, secure virtualization, and security in database systems. …
Structural test coverage criteria for deep neural networks | Y Sun, X Huang, D Kroening, J Sharp, M Hill… - … Computing Systems  …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Deep neural networks (DNNs) have a wide range of applications, and software employing  them must be thoroughly tested, especially in safety-critical domains. However, traditional  software test coverage metrics cannot be applied directly to DNNs. In this paper, inspired by the …
The design and operation of CloudLab | D Duplyakin, R Ricci, A Maricq, G Wong… - 2019 {USENIX} Annual …, 2019 - usenix.org | Given the highly empirical nature of research in cloud computing, networked systems, and  related fields, testbeds play an important role in the research ecosystem. In this paper, we  cover one such facility, CloudLab, which supports systems research by providing raw access to …
Hiding Communication of Essential Services by System Call Proxy | Y Okuda, M Sato, H Taniguchi - … Symposium on Computing and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The proxy process must be isolated from an operating system (OS) hosting the essential service  for hiding the proxy execution of system calls. We … This is because it is unknown whether  the guest OS will operate without problems when interposing system calls by the VMM. • The …
A survey on boosting IoT security and privacy through blockchain | O Alfandi, S Khanji, L Ahmad, A Khattak - Cluster Computing, 2021 - Springer | … Considering a ransomware attack hitting an IoT system, this will encrypt all data including  the operating system firmware files. To mitigate such a problem, we need to initiate a firmware  update during runtime to ensure that all IoT devices are updated and immune to these attacks…
How is performance addressed in DevOps? | CP Bezemer, S Eismann, V Ferme… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | DevOps is a modern software engineering paradigm that is gaining widespread adoption in  industry. The goal of DevOps is to bring software changes into production with a high  frequency and fast feedback cycles. This conflicts with software quality assurance activities, …
Bridge the gap between neural networks and neuromorphic hardware with a neural network compiler | Y Ji, Y Zhang, W Chen, Y Xie - … Languages and Operating Systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … To make the transformation workflow general and reliable for different cases, we employed  two principles. … It is also where we employ the divideand-conquer principle. … In Section 4.4  we will introduce the basic principle of mapping the hardware execution model onto target chips. …
Basic performance measurements of the intel optane DC persistent memory module | J Izraelevitz, J Yang, L Zhang, J Kim, X Liu… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … Although it would be interesting to measure the performance when the whole system  running directly on the NVMM, we cannot boot the operating system without any DRAM.  Therefore, to run the tests, we configure applications to bind their memory to a NUMA node with …
Iotchain: Establishing trust in the internet of things ecosystem using blockchain | B Yu, J Wright, S Nepal, L Zhu, J Liu… - IEEE Cloud …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | The Internet of Things (IoT) has already reshaped and transformed our lives in many ways,  ranging from how we communicate with people or manage our health to how we drive our cars  and manage our homes. With the rapid development of the IoT ecosystem in a wide range …
What you get is what you C: Controlling side effects in mainstream C compilers | L Simon, D Chisnall, R Anderson - … Symposium on Security and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Security engineers have been fighting with C compilers for years. A careful programmer would  test for null pointer dereferencing or division by zero; but the compiler would fail to understand,  and optimize the test away. Modern compilers now have dedicated options to mitigate …
Scheduling page table walks for irregular GPU applications | S Shin, G Cox, M Oskin, GH Loh… - … Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … We demonstrate that the reordering of translation requests based on the above principles  improves the performance of several irregular … We used the execution-driven gem5 simulator  that models a heterogeneous system with a CPU and an integrated GPU [27]. We heavily …
High throughput cryptocurrency routing in payment channel networks | V Sivaraman, SB Venkatakrishnan, K Ruan… - … {USENIX} Symposium …, 2020 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 17th USENIX Symposium on Networked  Systems Design and Implementation (NSDI ’20) … To formalize the routing problem, we  consider a fluid model of the system in which payments are modeled as continuous “fluid flows” …
Host-based intrusion detection system with system calls: Review and future trends | M Liu, Z Xue, X Xu, C Zhong, J Chen - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In Unix-like operating systems, system calls are referred when a kernel service from the  operating … Android is a popular mobile operating system with the Linux kernel, which is  similar to Linux operating systems installed on desktops [116]. Android smartphones can be …
Enabling IoT platforms for social IoT applications: Vision, feature mapping, and challenges | B Afzal, M Umair, GA Shah, E Ahmed - … Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … Operating Systems (OSs) are employed in IoT devices as they offer portability, threading support  and access to development libraries; … inside the operating systems (OSs), device firmware,  or other software running on these IoT devices [3]. Specifically, an Operating System (OS) …
Dynamic malware analysis in the modern era—A state of the art survey | O Or-Meir, N Nissim, Y Elovici, L Rokach - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … , usually covertly, with the intent of compromising the confidentiality, integrity, or availability  of the victim’s data, applications, or operating system or otherwise annoying or disrupting the  victim. —NIST6 • Any program or file that is harmful to a computer user. Malicious programs …
The role of big data analytics in industrial Internet of Things | MH ur Rehman, I Yaqoob, K Salah, M Imran… - … Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … Virtualisation is the essence of distributed systems, such as cloud computing systems and  concentric computing systems. … as operating systems, networks, storage, applications and  hardware. Operating system-level virtualisation is the most common whereby operating system …
区块链共识算法的发展现状与展望 | 袁勇， 倪晓春， 曾帅， 王飞跃 - 自动化学报, 2018 - html.rhhz.net | : 共识算法是区块链技术的核心要素, 也是近年来分布式系统研究的热点. 本文系统性地梳理和讨论 了区块链发展过程中的32 种重要共识算法, 介绍了传统分布式一致性算法以及分布式共识领域 的里程碑式的重要研究和结论, 提出了区块链共识算法的一种基础模型和分类方法, 并总结了现…
Zero: Memory optimizations toward training trillion parameter models | S Rajbhandari, J Rasley, O Ruwase… - … Conference for High …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Large deep learning models offer significant accuracy gains, but training billions to trillions  of parameters is challenging. Existing solutions such as data and model parallelisms exhibit  fundamental limitations to fit these models into limited device memory, while obtaining …
A survey on various threats and current state of security in android platform | P Bhat, K Dutta - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Its open source operating system has made it a center of attraction for the attackers. This  article provides a comprehensive study of the … various parts of the operating system. According  to the International Data Corporation (IDC) [2], the Android operating system covers around 85…
Blink: Fast and generic collectives for distributed ml | G Wang, S Venkataraman… - … and Systems, 2020 - proceedings.mlsys.org | Abstract Model parameter synchronization across GPUs introduces high overheads for data-parallel  training at scale. Existing parameter synchronization protocols cannot effectively leverage  available network resources in the face of ever increasing hardware heterogeneity. To …
Catalyzer: Sub-millisecond startup for serverless computing with initialization-less booting | D Du, T Yu, Y Xia, B Zang, G Yan, C Qin, Q Wu… - … and Operating Systems, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … For example, a C/R system will re-do “open()” operations to re-open files that are opened in  a checkpointed process. … and system state need to be uncompressed, deserialized (only  metadata) and loaded into memory. Second, re-do operations are necessary to recover system …
Balancing on the edge: Transport affinity without network state | JT Araújo, L Saino, L Buytenhek, R Landa - 15th {USENIX} Symposium …, 2018 - usenix.org | Content delivery networks and edge peering facilities have unique operating constraints which  require novel approaches to load balancing. Contrary to traditional, centralized datacenter  networks, physical space is heavily constrained. This limitation drives both the need for …
Nimble page management for tiered memory systems | Z Yan, D Lustig, D Nellans… - … and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … have the potential to increase the performance and cost efficiency of computing systems.  However they can only deliver on this promise if supported by efficient page management  policies and mechanisms within the operating system (OS). Current OS implementations do not …
The gap game | I Tsabary, I Eyal - Proceedings of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … To study when gaps form, we analyze the system as a game we call the gap game. We analyze  the game with a combination of symbolic … their operating costs are identical. Alarmingly,  we see that the system incentivizes large miner coalitions, reducing system decentralization. …
Overcoming security challenges in microservice architectures | T Yarygina, AH Bagge - … IEEE Symposium on Service-Oriented …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … principles from distributed systems and services, and from classic programming principles  of abstraction, modularity, separation of con- … This approach fits well with the second design  principle of distributed systems: individual nodes make decisions based on locally available …
HOList: An environment for machine learning of higher order logic theorem proving | K Bansal, S Loos, M Rabe… - … on Machine Learning, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | We present an environment, benchmark, and deep learning driven automated theorem prover  for higher-order logic. Higher-order interactive theorem provers enable the formalization  of arbitrary mathematical theories and thereby present an interesting challenge for deep …
An open-source benchmark suite for microservices and their hardware-software implications for cloud & edge systems | Y Gan, Y Zhang, D Cheng, A Shetty, P Rathi… - … and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … We then use DeathStarBench to study the architectural characteristics of microservices, their  implications in networking and operating systems… We now examine the role of operating  systems and networking under the new microservices model. OS vs. user-level breakdown: Fig. …
Foreshadow-NG: Breaking the virtual memory abstraction with transient out-of-order execution | O Weisse, J Van Bulck, M Minkin, D Genkin, B Kasikci… - 2018 - lirias.kuleuven.be | … ing to the operating system, as well as to other processes. To mitigate Meltdown, operating  systems and hypervisors had to be urgently patched so as to strictly separate the virtual address  spaces used for kernel and user data, thus eliminating the need for the deficient “super- …
Supervisory control of discrete-event systems: A brief history | WM Wonham, K Cai, K Rudie - Annual Reviews in Control, 2018 - Elsevier | This brief history summarizes the ‘supervisory control of discrete-event systems’ as it has  evolved in the period 1980–2017. Overall, the trend has been from centralized or ‘monolithic’  control to more structured architectures, and from ‘naive’ to symbolic computation. Like any ‘…
A correlation study between automated program repair and test-suite metrics | J Yi, SH Tan, S Mechtaev, M Böhme… - Empirical Software …, 2018 - Springer | … We also mention that there is a repair system fixing specifically regression errors, using  repair templates tailored for fixing regression errors (Tan and Roychoudhury … In: Proceedings  of the ACM SIGOPS 22nd Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, SOSP ’09, pp 87–102 …
Smart management of technologies: Predictive maintenance of industrial equipment using wireless sensor networks | AI Vlasov, PV Grigoriev, AI Krivoshein… - Entrepreneurship …, 2018 - hal.archives-ouvertes.fr | … according to the actual technical condition).The rationale for the use of wireless systems for  data collection and processing is presented. The principles of constructing wireless sensor  networks and the data transmission protocols used to collect statistical information on the state …
Guiding deep learning system testing using surprise adequacy | J Kim, R Feldt, S Yoo - 2019 IEEE/ACM 41st International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … It is possible that SADL is less effective against other DL systems. While we believe the core  principle of measuring input surprise is universally applicable, only further experimentations  can reduce this particular risk. Finally, threats to construct validity asks whether we are …
Romulus: Efficient algorithms for persistent transactional memory | A Correia, P Felber, P Ramalhete - … of the 30th on Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the ACM SIGOPS 22nd symposium on Operating systems principles.  ACM, 133–146. … In Proceedings of the twenty-third annual ACM symposium on Parallelism  in algorithms and architectures. ACM, 65–74. [13] Sanjay Ghemawat and Jeff Dean. …
Neuro-inspired computing chips | W Zhang, B Gao, J Tang, P Yao, S Yu, MF Chang… - Nature …, 2020 - nature.com | The rapid development of artificial intelligence (AI) demands the rapid development of  domain-specific hardware specifically designed for AI applications. Neuro-inspired computing  chips integrate a range of features inspired by neurobiological systems and could provide an …
Deepchain: Auditable and privacy-preserving deep learning with blockchain-based incentive | J Weng, J Weng, J Zhang, M Li… - IEEE Transactions on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep learning can achieve higher accuracy than traditional machine learning algorithms in  a variety of machine learning tasks. Recently, privacy-preserving deep learning has drawn  tremendous attention from information security community, in which neither training data nor …
Blockchain-enabled supply chain: analysis, challenges, and future directions | S Jabbar, H Lloyd, M Hammoudeh, B Adebisi… - Multimedia Systems, 2021 - Springer | … Similarly, there are several consistent principles involved in the traceability of the supply  chain of retail and food services, including the … Its underlying principle is using the automatic  transaction mechanism of the system to verify the transaction information. Huang Yan et al. […
A programmable programming language | M Felleisen, RB Findler, M Flatt… - Communications of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … operating system. For a programming language researcher, “stepping outside the language”  signals failure. Or, as Ingalls21 said, “[an] operating system … We, Racket creators, have sought  to identify services Racket borrows from the surrounding operating system and assimilate …
A differentiable programming system to bridge machine learning and scientific computing | M Innes, A Edelman, K Fischer, C Rackauckas… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … We describe Zygote, a Differentiable Programming system that is able to take gradients of  general program structures. We implement this system in the Julia programming language.  Our system supports almost all language constructs (control flow, recursion, mutation, etc.) and …
VANTAGE6: an open source priVAcy preserviNg federaTed leArninG infrastructurE for Secure Insight eXchange | A Moncada-Torres, F Martin, M Sieswerda… - … Annual Symposium …, 2020 - ncbi.nlm.nih.gov | … Parties should be allowed to have differences in hardware and operating systems. FL systems  should also enable collaborations among parties of different nature (eg, between a registry  and a biobank or between hospitals of different countries). Not only does this diversity have …
LSB: A Lightweight Scalable Blockchain for IoT security and anonymity | A Dorri, SS Kanhere, R Jurdak… - Journal of Parallel and …, 2019 - Elsevier | … It is assumed that the OBMs have access to a list of trusted CA root certificates for verification  (similar to browsers and operating systems). … the underlying principles in order to orchestrate  the attack, (iii) knowledge: specific information that is available about the target system, eg, …
Studying software logging using topic models | H Li, THP Chen, W Shang, AE Hassan - Empirical Software Engineering, 2018 - Springer | … -scale system problems by mining console logs. In: Proceedings of the ACM SIGOPS 22nd  symposium on operating systems principles. SOSP ’… In: Proceedings of the sixteenth international  conference on architectural support for programming languages and operating systems. …
A bibliometric analysis of aggregation operators | F Blanco-Mesa, E León-Castro, JM Merigó - Applied Soft Computing, 2019 - Elsevier | … [131] Proceedings of the ACM SIGACT-SIGMOD-SIGART Symposium on principles of  database systems Proceedings of the ACM SIGACT-… System Sciences PODS ’01 Proceedings  of the twentieth ACM SIGMOD-SIGACT-SIGART symposium on Principles of database systems …
Cryptographic primitives in blockchains | L Wang, X Shen, J Li, J Shao, Y Yang - Journal of Network and Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | Blockchain, as one of the crypto-intensive creatures, has become a very hot topic recently.  Although many surveys have recently been dedicated to the security and privacy issues of  blockchains, there still lacks a systematic examination on the cryptographic primitives in …
Internet of things architectures, technologies, applications, challenges, and future directions for enhanced living environments and healthcare systems: a review | G Marques, R Pitarma, NM Garcia, N Pombo - Electronics, 2019 - mdpi.com | … This section presents the most relevant IoT platforms and operating systems (Figure 3), which  are … and operating systems researched in this study were selected according to the criteria  used by the authors of [58] and [59]. Therefore, 15 IoT platforms and operating systems were …
Scalable graph processing frameworks: A taxonomy and open challenges | S Heidari, Y Simmhan, RN Calheiros… - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … When the buffer manager is being sent an asynchronous input/output by a callback thread, it  sends the demand to the FlashSSD via the operating system, after which the control of execution  goes back to the calling thread immediately. The main goal in this system is to reach all …
Green internet of things (G-IoT): ICT technologies, principles, applications, projects, and challenges | A Solanki, A Nayyar - Handbook of Research on Big Data and the …, 2019 - igi-global.com | … This chapter explores an in-depth analysis of principles of G-IoT, making significant progress  towards improvising the quality of life and sustainable environment. In addition to this, the  chapter outlines various Green ICT technologies explores potential towards diverse real-time …
Cybersecurity dynamics: A foundation for the science of cybersecurity | S Xu - Proactive and dynamic network defense, 2019 - Springer | … the overall vulnerability of a computer, which can be aggregated from the vulnerabilities  in the applications, library functions, and operating systems. This approach has been used  in numerous cybersecurity first-principle models (see [126, 148] and the references therein). …
Path-based function embedding and its application to error-handling specification mining | D DeFreez, AV Thakur, C Rubio-González - … Conference and Symposium …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Bugs as Inconsistent Behavior: A General Approach to Inferring Errors in Systems Code.  In Proceedings of the 18th ACM Symposium on Operating System Principles, SOSP 2001,  Chateau Lake Louise, Banff, Alberta, Canada, October 21-24, 2001, Keith Marzullo and M. …
Edge-AI in LoRa-based health monitoring: Fall detection system with fog computing and LSTM recurrent neural networks | JP Queralta, TN Gia, H Tenhunen… - … and signal processing …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Remote healthcare monitoring has exponentially grown over the past decade together with  the increasing penetration of Internet of Things (IoT) platforms. IoT-based health systems  help to improve the quality of healthcare services through real-time data acquisition and …
Big data stream analysis: a systematic literature review | T Kolajo, O Daramola, A Adebiyi - Journal of Big Data, 2019 - Springer | … An overview analysis based on 10 dimensions, which are database support, execution  model, workload, fault-tolerance, latency, throughput, reliability, operating system,  implementation languages and application domain or areas is presented in Table 9. …
Analysis and optimization of the memory hierarchy for graph processing workloads | A Basak, S Li, X Hu, SM Oh, X Xie… - … Symposium on High …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To obtain this information, DROPLET needs help from the operating system and the graph  data allocation layer of graph processing frameworks. Similar to prior work [58], [59], we develop  a specialized maUoe function which can label all allocated pages with an extra bit in the …
DevOps in practice: A multiple case study of five companies | LE Lwakatare, T Kilamo, T Karvonen, T Sauvola… - Information and …, 2019 - Elsevier | Context: DevOps is considered important in the ability to frequently and reliably update a  system in operational state. DevOps presumes cross-functional collaboration and automation  between software development and operations. DevOps adoption and implementation in …
Systems thinking and design thinking: The search for principles in the world we are making | R Buchanan - She Ji: The Journal of Design, Economics, and …, 2019 - Elsevier | … which they work have abandoned the principles that have governed systems in the past. Public  … principles in the design and development of systems in our time? There is some evidence  that our largest technological systems and the organizations responsible for those systems …
From hack to elaborate technique—a survey on binary rewriting | M Wenzl, G Merzdovnik, J Ullrich… - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … For example, the Executable and Linking File format ELF [152], commonly used in modern  Unix-based operating systems, holds at least an ELF header table and a section header table  as auxiliary information, which are not of interest during disassembly (step (2)). The same …
Performance analysis of consensus algorithm in private blockchain | Y Hao, Y Li, X Dong, L Fang… - … Vehicles Symposium (IV), 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In a distributed system, consensus mechanism can solve the problem of mutual trust among  nodes in the principle of decentralization, and make the blockchain reach a balanced state  in the network nodes. In the technology architecture of blockchain, the consensus algorithm, …
Verifying controllers against adversarial examples with Bayesian optimization | S Ghosh, F Berkenkamp, G Ranade… - … on Robotics and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recent successes in reinforcement learning have lead to the development of complex  controllers for realworld robots. As these robots are deployed in safety-critical applications and  interact with humans, it becomes critical to ensure safety in order to avoid causing harm. A first …
Privacy-preserving cloud computing on sensitive data: A survey of methods, products and challenges | J Domingo-Ferrer, O Farras, J Ribes-González… - Computer …, 2019 - Elsevier | … We have classified them according to the principle they employ to mask the data: Section  3.2.deals with non-perturbative methods and … sensitive exploitation data across applications,  databases and operating systems. It provides a variety of masking transformations. …
Chauffeurnet: Learning to drive by imitating the best and synthesizing the worst | M Bansal, A Krizhevsky, A Ogale - arXiv preprint arXiv:1812.03079, 2018 - arxiv.org | Our goal is to train a policy for autonomous driving via imitation learning that is robust enough  to drive a real vehicle. We find that standard behavior cloning is insufficient for handling  complex driving scenarios, even when we leverage a perception system for preprocessing the …
TurboGraph++ A scalable and fast graph analytics system | S Ko, WS Han - Proceedings of the 2018 international conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We observe that none of the state-of-the-art systems achieves both scalability and efficiency at  the same time for processing even a simple … To solve this problem, we present TurboGraph++  by carefully designing crucial system components to fully utilize all hardware resources. …
zkledger: Privacy-preserving auditing for distributed ledgers | N Narula, W Vasquez, M Virza - … } Symposium on Networked Systems …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper presents zkLedger, the first distributed ledger system to support strong transaction  privacy, public verifiability, and practical, useful … This work provides privacy benefits over  existing analytics systems by allowing participants to keep their data secret. However, it only …
Security supportive energy-aware scheduling and energy policies for cloud environments | D Fernández-Cerero, A Jakóbik, D Grzonka… - Journal of Parallel and …, 2018 - Elsevier | Cloud computing (CC) systems are the most popular computational environments for  providing elastic and scalable services on a massive scale. The nature of such systems often  results in energy-related problems that have to be solved for sustainability, cost reduction, and …
Block-secure: Blockchain based scheme for secure P2P cloud storage | J Li, J Wu, L Chen - Information Sciences, 2018 - Elsevier | With the development of Internet technology, the volume of data is increasing tremendously.  To tackle with large-scale data, more and more applications choose to enlarge the storage  capacity of users’ terminals with the help of cloud platforms. Before storing data to an …
Approximating fair queueing on reconfigurable switches | NK Sharma, M Liu, K Atreya… - … {USENIX} Symposium on …, 2018 - usenix.org | Congestion control today is predominantly achieved via end-to-end mechanisms with little  support from the network. As a result, end-hosts must cooperate to achieve optimal throughput  and fairness, leading to inefficiencies and poor performance isolation. While router …
Improving the accuracy, scalability, and performance of graph neural networks with roc | Z Jia, S Lin, M Gao, M Zaharia… - … Learning and Systems, 2020 - www-cs.stanford.edu | Graph neural networks (GNNs) have been demonstrated to be an effective model for learning  tasks related to graph structured data. Different from classical deep neural networks that  handle relatively small individual samples, GNNs process very large graphs, which must be …
SoK: sanitizing for security | D Song, J Lettner, P Rajasekaran, Y Na… - … IEEE Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … C and C++ remain the languages of choice for low-level systems software such as operating  system kernels, runtime libraries, and browsers. A key reason is that they are efficient  and leave the programmer in full control of the underlying hardware. On the flip side, the …
Arrow: Low-level augmented bayesian optimization for finding the best cloud vm | CJ Hsu, V Nair, VW Freeh… - … Computing Systems  …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | With the advent of big data applications, which tend to have longer execution time, choosing  the right cloud VM has significant performance and economic implications. For example, in  our large-scale empirical study of 107 different workloads on three popular big data systems, …
The Internet of Space Things/CubeSats: A ubiquitous cyber-physical system for the connected world | IF Akyildiz, A Kak - Computer Networks, 2019 - Elsevier | … In Section 8, we present system procedures that are geared towards making efficient use of  the space environment, along with the challenges associated with each procedure, followed  by the system performance evaluation in Section 9. Finally, we conclude the paper in Section …
Privacy preservation in permissionless blockchain: A survey | L Peng, W Feng, Z Yan, Y Li, X Zhou… - Digital Communications …, 2021 - Elsevier | … Different from centralized systems, permissionless blockchain is an open and decentralized  system that lacks a powerful authority for system maintenance and privacy insurance. As a  result, traditional privacy solutions are not applicable in the blockchain. Besides, the openness …
Log2vec: A heterogeneous graph embedding based approach for detecting cyber threats within enterprise | F Liu, Y Wen, D Zhang, X Jiang, X Xing… - Proceedings of the 2019 …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Conventional attacks of insider employees and emerging APT are both major threats for the  organizational information system. Existing detections mainly concentrate on users' behavior  and usually analyze logs recording their operations in an information system. In general, …
Efficient dynamic malware analysis using virtual time control mechanics | CH Lin, HK Pao, JW Liao - Computers & Security, 2018 - Elsevier | … Thus, we significantly enhance the efficiency with which the behavior of the system is  monitored. Further, VTCSandbox is compatible with various operating systems as it does not  need to modify the kernel of operating systems or intercept system function calls. Consequently, it …
sgx-perf: A performance analysis tool for intel sgx enclaves | N Weichbrodt, PL Aublin, R Kapitza - Proceedings of the 19th …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We attribute that to the difference in hardware, operating systems and compiler versions.  As seen, optimising the automated partitioned code lead to a 2.16× speed-up and even an  2.66× (Spectre [6, 29]) and 2.87× (L1TF [42]) speed up on the patched …
Software-defined far memory in warehouse-scale computers | A Lagar-Cavilla, J Ahn, S Souhlal, N Agarwal… - … and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Thus, our system controls the threshold based on the following principles: • It keeps track of  the best cold age threshold of each 1minute period in the past and uses their K-th percentile  as the threshold for the next one minute. By doing so, it will violate the SLO for approximately (…
Self-adaptive cloud monitoring with online anomaly detection | T Wang, J Xu, W Zhang, Z Gu, H Zhong - … Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | Monitoring is the key to guarantee the reliability of cloud computing systems. By analyzing  monitoring data, administrators can understand systems’ statuses to detect, diagnose and solve  problems. However, due to the enormous scale and complex structure of cloud computing, …
Next generation cloud computing: New trends and research directions | B Varghese, R Buyya - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | … Finally, we lay out a roadmap of challenges that will need to be addressed for realising  the potential of next generation cloud systems. … Application and operating system  containers may substitute the more heavyweight virtual machines for deploying workloads. …
An empirical study of common challenges in developing deep learning applications | T Zhang, C Gao, L Ma, M Lyu… - … International Symposium …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … testing of deep learning systems,” in Proceedings of the 26th Symposium on Operating Systems  Principles. ACM, 2017, pp. 1–18. … ” in Proceedings of the Second ACMIEEE international  symposium on Empirical software engineering and measurement. ACM, 2008, pp. 149–157. …
Testing deep neural networks | Y Sun, X Huang, D Kroening, J Sharp, M Hill… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | Deep neural networks (DNNs) have a wide range of applications, and software employing  them must be thoroughly tested, especially in safety-critical domains. However, traditional  software test coverage metrics cannot be applied directly to DNNs. In this paper, inspired by the …
Deepfacelab: A simple, flexible and extensible face swapping framework | I Perov, D Gao, N Chervoniy, K Liu… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … In this paper, we detail the principles that drive the implementation of DeepFaceLab and  introduce the pipeline of it, through which every aspect of the pipeline can be … We demonstrate  the advantage of our system through comparing our approach with current prevailing systems. …
Meltdown: Reading kernel memory from user space | M Lipp, M Schwarz, D Gruss, T Prescher… - … } Security Symposium  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … A central security feature of today’s operating systems is memory isolation. Operating systems  ensure that user programs cannot access each … Consequently, we stress that it is of utmost  importance to deploy KAISER on all operating systems immediately. Fortunately, during a …
Classification of cyber security threats on mobile devices and applications | MA Almaiah, A Al-Zahrani, O Almomani… - Artificial Intelligence and …, 2021 - Springer | … These risks are happened when malicious attacks exploit vulnerabilities in the operating  systems of mobile devices. Mobile devices include many applications, which collect data  according to their assigned task and share it with other applications. This interconnection of these …
Maprdd: Finer grained resilient distributed dataset for machine learning | Z Li, S Jarvis - … on Algorithms and Systems for MapReduce and …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | The Resilient Distributed Dataset (RDD) is the core memory abstraction behind the popular  data-analytic framework Apache Spark. We present an extension to the Resilient Distributed  Dataset for map transformations, that we call MapRDD, which takes advantage of the …
Enforcing unique code target property for control-flow integrity | H Hu, C Qian, C Yagemann, SPH Chung… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … We consider the following system calls to be security-sensitive, similar to many other security  systems [15, 21, 50, 61]: mmap, mremap, remap_file_pages, … We implement µCFI on x86_64  system with process isolation and Intel PT, and the idea is also applicable on x86 system. …
The mutual exclusion problem: part II---Statement and solutions | L Lamport - Concurrency: the Works of Leslie Lamport, 2019 - dl.acm.org | The theory developed in Part I is used to state the mutual exclusion problem and several  additional fairness and failure-tolerance requirements. Four" distributed" N-process solutions  are given, ranging from a solution requiring only one communication bit per process that …
Tabor: A highly accurate approach to inspecting and restoring trojan backdoors in ai systems | W Guo, L Wang, X Xing, M Du, D Song - arXiv preprint arXiv:1908.01763, 2019 - arxiv.org | … In this work, we do not claim TABOR is the first system designed for trojan inspection.  However, we argue this is the first work that … tomated whitebox testing of deep learning  systems. In Proceedings of the 26th Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP). [35] …
TimeCluster: dimension reduction applied to temporal data for visual analytics | M Ali, MW Jones, X Xie, M Williams - The Visual Computer, 2019 - Springer | … , we present an interactive visual analytics system and approach that can address these  issues in a single system. It enables users to visualize, … As we show in this paper, our system  fits neatly into these principles. In one image, the overview of the large dataset is obtained after …
The seven sins: Security smells in infrastructure as code scripts | A Rahman, C Parnin, L Williams - 2019 IEEE/ACM 41st …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … IaC is the practice of automatically defining and managing network and system configurations  and infrastructure through source code [1]. … The smell can violate the ‘principle of least  privilege’ property [21], which recommends practitioners to design and implement a system in a …
Ryoan: A distributed sandbox for untrusted computation on secret data | T Hunt, Z Zhu, Y Xu, S Peter, E Witchel - … on Computer Systems (TOCS), 2018 - dl.acm.org | … of systems that use enclaves to protect a user’s computation from potentially malicious  system software. They include a library operating system … Untrusted applications can refuse to  run, or the underlying untrusted operating system can refuse to schedule our code. Although we …
Datasize-aware high dimensional configurations auto-tuning of in-memory cluster computing | Z Yu, Z Bei, X Qian - … Programming Languages and Operating Systems, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Note that Spark framework is just used as an example of IMC to evaluate DAC, the  principles of DAC can be easily applied to other computing systems such as HBase [40]  which also requires end users to set a large number of configuration parameters. …
RLlib: Abstractions for distributed reinforcement learning | E Liang, R Liaw, R Nishihara, P Moritz… - International …, 2018 - proceedings.mlr.press | … We demonstrate the benefits of this principle through RLlib: a library that provides scalable  software primitives for RL. These primitives enable a broad range of algorithms to be  implemented with high performance, scalability, and substantial code reuse. RLlib is available as …
Blockchain and iot integration: A systematic survey | A Panarello, N Tapas, G Merlino, F Longo, A Puliafito - Sensors, 2018 - mdpi.com | The Internet of Things (IoT) refers to the interconnection of smart devices to collect data and  make intelligent decisions. However, a lack of intrinsic security measures makes IoT vulnerable  to privacy and security threats. With its “security by design,” Blockchain (BC) can help in …
{ELISE}: A Storage Efficient Logging System Powered by Redundancy Reduction and Representation Learning | H Ding, S Yan, J Zhai, S Ma - 30th USENIX Security Symposium  …, 2021 - usenix.org | … Our evaluation datasets are collected from 3 different operating systems and 3 popular  server applications. We follow the standard guidance to collect datasets on our experimental  machine properly. Specifically, we randomly start the data collection procedure, guarantee long …
We're doing it live: A multi-method empirical study on continuous experimentation | G Schermann, J Cito, P Leitner, U Zdun… - Information and Software …, 2018 - Elsevier | … We focus on the underlying problems and principles we have observed, and propose directions  for future research. … The goal of our study was to identify (1) the principles and practices  that enable and hinder organizations to leverage continuous experimentation, and (2) how …
A geometric perspective on optimal representations for reinforcement learning | M Bellemare, W Dabney, R Dadashi… - … processing systems, 2019 - papers.nips.cc | We propose a new perspective on representation learning in reinforcement learning based on  geometric properties of the space of value functions. From there, we provide formal evidence  regarding the usefulness of value functions as auxiliary tasks in reinforcement learning. …
On the accuracy of password strength meters | M Golla, M Dürmuth - Proceedings of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … When it comes to PSMs used by current operating systems, we found very negative results.  While macOS does not prominently display their PSM, … PSMs in operating systems are not  popular, even though, when present, they are used for security-sensitive operations. Current …
Streamlet: Textbook streamlined blockchains | BY Chan, E Shi - Proceedings of the 2nd ACM Conference on Advances …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Consensus is also the core abstraction behind modern cryptocurrency systems such as  Bitcoin and Ethereum. Since transactions are … In this paper, we instead take simplicity and  understandability to be first-class principles. Having said this, we briefly discuss in Section 4 …
Bit-tactical: A software/hardware approach to exploiting value and bit sparsity in neural networks | A Delmas Lascorz, P Judd, DM Stuart… - … and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Weight and activation sparsity can be leveraged in hardware to boost the performance and  energy efficiency of Deep Neural Networks during inference. Fully capitalizing on sparsity  requires re-scheduling and mapping the execution stream to deliver non-zero weight/activation …
A novel big data analytics framework for smart cities | AMS Osman - Future Generation Computer Systems, 2019 - Elsevier | … overall system performance. This approach involves execution of multiple instances of different  autonomous operating systems running on … However, horizontal scaling involves maintaining  multiple instances of different operating systems that is a complicated challenge. High …
The what and how of smart personal assistants: principles and application domains for IS research | R Knote, A Janson, L Eigenbrod, M Söllner - 2018 - alexandria.unisg.ch | … principles and outline application domains, we conducted a systematic literature review [10,  11]. According to Cooper’s taxonomy [12], we focus on outcomes of SPA research papers,  their underlying theories and practical applications. The goal of the review is to find principles …
Libra: Succinct Zero-Knowledge Proofs with Optimal Prover Computation | T Xie, J Zhang, Y Zhang, C Papamanthou… - Annual International …, 2019 - Springer | We present Libra, the first zero-knowledge proof system that has both optimal prover time and  succinct proof size/verification time. In particular, if C is the size of the circuit being proved (i)  the prover time is O(C) irrespective of the circuit type; (ii) the proof size and verification time …
Decentralized action integrity for trigger-action IoT platforms | E Fernandes, A Rahmati, J Jung… - … Security Symposium, 2018 - par.nsf.gov | … • We introduce Decentralized Action Integrity, a security principle that prevents an attacker  from using stolen OAuth tokens in ways that are inconsistent with any given user’s rules. We  develop this principle based on a brief survey of seven trigger-action platforms, and an in-…
A survey on security and privacy issues of blockchain technology | AP Joshi, M Han, Y Wang - Mathematical foundations of computing, 2018 - aimsciences.org | Blockchain is gaining traction and can be termed as one of the furthermost prevalent topics  nowadays. Although critics question about its scalability, security, and sustainability, it has  already transformed many individuals’ lifestyle in some areas due to its inordinate influence on …
Fluid sealing technology: principles and applications | HK Müller, BS Nau - 2019 - api.taylorfrancis.com | … This book will be of help in design ing, selecting, and operating seals and sealing systems  to meet the technical and economic demands … expense of more complex and costly sealing  systems, such as multiple seals. In principle the following sealing modes can be distinguished: …
Compounding of wealth in proof-of-stake cryptocurrencies | G Fanti, L Kogan, S Oh, K Ruan, P Viswanath… - … conference on financial …, 2019 - Springer | Proof-of-stake (PoS) is a promising approach for designing efficient blockchains, where block  proposers are randomly chosen with probability proportional to their stake. A primary concern  in PoS systems is the “rich getting richer” effect, whereby wealthier nodes are more likely …
AAoT: Lightweight attestation and authentication of low-resource things in IoT and CPS | W Feng, Y Qin, S Zhao, D Feng - Computer Networks, 2018 - Elsevier | With the rise of Internet of Things (IoT) and Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS), the need for smart  embedded devices is rapidly increasing, and so does the security and privacy risk. This paper  focuses on enabling both remote attestation and authentication of current commodity low-…
Blockchain and trusted computing: Problems, pitfalls, and a solution for hyperledger fabric | M Brandenburger, C Cachin, R Kapitza… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … It establishes trusted execution contexts called enclaves on a CPU, which isolate data and  programs from the host operating system in hardware and ensure that outputs are correct. An  enclave might run only a small dedicated part of an application [11, 18, 29] or can contain an …
xJsnark: A framework for efficient verifiable computation | A Kosba, C Papamanthou, E Shi - … Symposium on Security and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Many cloud and cryptocurrency applications rely on verifying the integrity of outsourced  computations, in which a verifier can efficiently verify the correctness of a computation made  by an untrusted prover. State-of-the-art protocols for verifiable computation require that the …
Yao. jl: Extensible, efficient framework for quantum algorithm design | XZ Luo, JG Liu, P Zhang, L Wang - Quantum, 2020 - quantum-journal.org | … We introduce the design principles and critical techniques behind $\texttt{Yao}$. These  include the quantum block intermediate representation of quantum circuits, a builtin automatic  differentiation engine optimized for reversible computing, and batched quantum registers with …
Privacy preserving approaches in cloud computing | K Karthiban, S Smys - … Conference on Inventive Systems and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … as well as has the control over the operating systems deployed in the cloud by the provider.  Therefore cloud user here acts as an administrator. So changes to the operating systems,  failure and crashes in the operating system and data security are crucial in this service model [3]…
Anubis: ultra-low overhead and recovery time for secure non-volatile memories | KA Zubair, A Awad - Proceedings of the 46th International Symposium …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Implementing secure Non-Volatile Memories (NVMs) is challenging, mainly due to the necessity  to persist security metadata along with data. Unlike conventional secure memories,  NVM-equipped systems are expected to recover data after crashes and hence security metadata …
Scalable and differentially private distributed aggregation in the shuffled model | B Ghazi, R Pagh, A Velingker - arXiv preprint arXiv:1906.08320, 2019 - arxiv.org | … A federated learning system based on these principles is currently used by Google to train  … This makes it more feasible to design scalable machine learning systems in a federated …  In Proceedings of the Thirtieth Annual ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms, pages …
The coordicide | S Popov, H Moog, D Camargo, A Capossele… - Accessed Jan, 2020 - files.iota.org | … 3.3 The mana system The principles of a mana system is that one should get or have more  mana the more one contributes to the network. Contribution is naturally associated to how much  stake one holds, but although having tokens helps the network, one should not be able to “…
Understanding real-world concurrency bugs in Go | T Tu, X Liu, L Song, Y Zhang - … Languages and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Go is a statically-typed programming language that aims to provide a simple, efficient, and safe  way to build multi-threaded software. Since its creation in 2009, Go has matured and gained  significant adoption in production and open-source software. Go advocates for the usage …
A security authentication scheme of 5G ultra-dense network based on block chain | Z Chen, S Chen, H Xu, B Hu - IEEE Access, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The principle of fast authentication with APG-PBFT algorithm is present in this paper. The  scheme can reduce the authentication frequency when UE moves among the APs and improve  the access efficiency. Finally, we analyze the performance of APG-PBFT algorithm and …
Inverting Gradients--How easy is it to break privacy in federated learning? | J Geiping, H Bauermeister, H Dröge… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | The idea of federated learning is to collaboratively train a neural network on a server. Each  user receives the current weights of the network and in turns sends parameter updates (gradients)  based on local data. This protocol has been designed not only to train neural networks …
μ suite: a benchmark suite for microservices | A Sriraman, TF Wenisch - 2018 IEEE International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Modern On-Line Data Intensive (OLDI) applications have evolved from monolithic systems  to instead comprise numerous, distributed microservices interacting via Remote Procedure  Calls (RPCs). Microservices face single-digit millisecond RPC latency goals (implying sub-ms …
Deepbillboard: Systematic physical-world testing of autonomous driving systems | H Zhou, W Li, Z Kong, J Guo, Y Zhang… - 2020 IEEE/ACM …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have been widely applied in autonomous systems such as  self-driving vehicles. Recently, DNN testing has been intensively studied to automatically  generate adversarial examples, which inject small-magnitude perturbations into inputs to test …
Towards optimal concolic testing | X Wang, J Sun, Z Chen, P Zhang, J Wang… - Proceedings of the 40th …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … how it can be solved by solving an equation system. Let Rs where s ∈ S be the reward of  visiting s. We build an equation system as follows. … Recall that we need to solve an equation  system to select the local optimal test generation method. In our implementation, we use Eigen […
Data lake lambda architecture for smart grids big data analytics | AA Munshi, YARI Mohamed - IEEE Access, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … To address these challenges, this paper presents a smart grid big data eco-system based  on the state-of-the-art Lambda architecture that is capable of performing parallel batch and  real-time operations on distributed data. Furthermore, the presented eco-system utilizes a …
TF-Replicator: Distributed machine learning for researchers | P Buchlovsky, D Budden, D Grewe, C Jones… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | … can in principle be used to implement such systems, but their usage requires a deep  understanding of distributed system architectures. … Starting with the API used to define a replica,  we demonstrate painless generalization across different system architectures and devices, and …
Auxo: a temporal graph management system | W Han, K Li, S Chen, W Chen - Big Data Mining and Analytics, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Before each run, the page cache of the operating system is cleaned. We model two  situations: (i) no cache and (ii) cache. For the latter, main memory is … Hence, graph split can  reduce the I/O burst incurred by chunk sealing operations, making the system more predictable. …
Towards memory safe enclave programming with rust-sgx | H Wang, P Wang, Y Ding, M Sun, Y Jing… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In particular, SGX isolates sensitive code and data from the operating systems, hypervisors,  BIOS, and other applications. It guarantees confidentiality and integrity of enclave programs  even when the systems software such as operating systems, hypervisors, and BIOS are …
Metron:{NFV} service chains at the true speed of the underlying hardware | GP Katsikas, T Barbette, D Kostic, R Steinert… - … {USENIX} Symposium …, 2018 - usenix.org | In this paper we present Metron, a Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) platform that achieves  high resource utilization by jointly exploiting the underlying network and commodity servers’  resources. This synergy allows Metron to:(i) offload part of the packet processing logic to …
Anomaly detection and diagnosis for cloud services: Practical experiments and lessons learned | C Sauvanaud, M Kaâniche, K Kanoun, K Lazri… - Journal of Systems and …, 2018 - Elsevier | … The ADS proposed in this paper relies on system monitoring data corresponding to software  counters (such as CPU consumption, free memory...), collected through the hypervisors or the  operating systems hosting the virtual machines on which the cloud services are deployed. …
Shieldbox: Secure middleboxes using shielded execution | B Trach, A Krohmer, F Gregor, S Arnautov… - … of the Symposium on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … However, if they point to the unmapped virtual memory, the operating system will terminate  the application. Furthermore, security measures such as ASLR also makes it harder for the  attackers to find a valid attack vector [48]. As it is possible for an application to enqueue and …
A robust parallel object tracking method for illumination variations | S Liu, G Liu, H Zhou - Mobile Networks and Applications, 2019 - Springer | Illumination variation often occurs in visual tracking, which has a severe impact on the system  performance. Many trackers based on Discriminative correlation filter (DCF) have recently  obtained promising performance, showing robustness to illumination variation. However, …
A comprehensive survey on parallelization and elasticity in stream processing | H Röger, R Mayer - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In this section, we briefly introduce a generic SP system model, properties of SP systems  related to parallelization and parallelization and elasticity techniques. … The type of the SP  system determines what operations the system supports. We distinguish General SP …
The data calculator: Data structure design and cost synthesis from first principles and learned cost models | S Idreos, K Zoumpatianos, B Hentschel… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Data structures are at the core of any data-driven software, from relational database systems,  NoSQL key-value stores, operating systems, compilers, HCI systems, and scienti c data  management to any ad-hoc program that deals with increasingly growing data. Any operation in …
5G support for Industrial IoT Applications—Challenges, Solutions, and Research gaps | P Varga, J Peto, A Franko, D Balla, D Haja, F Janky… - Sensors, 2020 - mdpi.com | … In the beginning, beefy virtual machines (VMs) had been running in the cloud using an own  kernel; therefore, in the vast majority of the cases, running a full replica of the host operating  system. However, the lightweight container based virtualization technologies provide less …
Diagnostic assessment of deep learning algorithms for diabetic retinopathy screening | T Li, Y Gao, K Wang, S Guo, H Liu, H Kang - Information Sciences, 2019 - Elsevier | Diabetic retinopathy (DR), the leading cause of blindness for working-age adults, is  generally intervened by early screening to reduce vision loss. A series of automated deep-learning-based  algorithms for DR screening have been proposed and achieved high sensitivity and …
Systematic identification of threats in the cloud: A survey | JB Hong, A Nhlabatsi, DS Kim, A Hussein, N Fetais… - Computer Networks, 2019 - Elsevier | … In this example, we focus on vulnerabilities related to the operating systems in the virtual  machines to illustrate the identification of threats. We use the CVE Details (https://www.cvedetails.com/)  as a data source for the latest vulnerabilities. As an illustration, we examine one of …
Assuring the machine learning lifecycle: Desiderata, methods, and challenges | R Ashmore, R Calinescu, C Paterson - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2021 - dl.acm.org | … The outcome of the Model Deployment stage is a fully fledged deployed and operating  system. More often than not, the safety-critical systems … of new ML models can be carried out  either as an offline maintenance activity, or through the online updating of the operating system. …
Advancing clinical trials for inherited retinal diseases: recommendations from the Second Monaciano Symposium | DA Thompson, A Iannaccone, RR Ali… - … vision science & …, 2020 - arvojournals.org | … The Monaciano Consortium convened a second symposium in October 2018 focused on  reaching a consensus view of the priorities that should guide the next phase of research and  development in IRD clinical trials in the next 5 to 10 years. As a result of discussions at the …
1.1 the deep learning revolution and its implications for computer architecture and chip design | J Dean - 2020 IEEE International Solid-State Circuits …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Another opportunity for machine learning is in the use of learned heuristics in computer  systems such as compilers, operating systems, file systems, networking stacks, etc. Computer  systems are filled with hand-written heuristics that have to work in the general case. For …
Architectural principles for cloud software | C Pahl, P Jamshidi, O Zimmermann - ACM Transactions on Internet …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … is needed to address continuous service systems development and operation. We propose a  set of key principles and patterns for control-theoretic, … Thus, we include SOA as a metaprinciple  with loose coupling, modularity, and layering as guiding principles (Zimmermann 2009). …
Hot: A height optimized trie index for main-memory database systems | R Binna, E Zangerle, M Pichl, G Specht… - Proceedings of the 2018 …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | We present the Height Optimized Trie (HOT), a fast and space-efficient in-memory index  structure. The core algorithmic idea of HOT is to dynamically vary the number of bits considered  at each node, which enables a consistently high fanout and thereby good cache efficiency. …
Cambricon-S: Addressing irregularity in sparse neural networks through a cooperative software/hardware approach | X Zhou, Z Du, Q Guo, S Liu, C Liu… - … Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Therefore, we consider the following principles when designing an accelerator to maximumly  utilize the efficiency. We reply on that the accelerator (1) should store and compute only the  existing non-zero neurons and synapses, maximizing the usage of all computation operators…
A survey of blockchain consensus algorithms performance evaluation criteria | SMH Bamakan, A Motavali, AB Bondarti - Expert Systems with Applications, 2020 - Elsevier | How to reach an agreement in a blockchain network is a complex and important task that is  defined as a consensus problem and has wide applications in reality including distributed  computing, load balancing, and transaction validation in blockchains. Over recent years, many …
DL2: training and querying neural networks with logic | M Fischer, M Balunovic… - International …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | We present DL2, a system for training and querying neural networks with logical constraints.  Using DL2, one can declaratively specify domain knowledge constraints to be enforced during  training, as well as pose queries on the model to find inputs that satisfy a set of constraints…
Using machine learning safely in automotive software: An assessment and adaption of software process requirements in ISO 26262 | R Salay, K Czarnecki - arXiv preprint arXiv:1808.01614, 2018 - arxiv.org | … The approach to assuring safety-critical software in ISO 26262 can be summarized as the  following safety assurance principle (SAP): … of these principles to the design of ML components  is poor. The lack of generally accepted and documented design principles that realize …
CRADLE: cross-backend validation to detect and localize bugs in deep learning libraries | HV Pham, T Lutellier, W Qi, L Tan - 2019 IEEE/ACM 41st …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep learning (DL) systems are widely used in domains including aircraft collision avoidance  systems, Alzheimer's disease diagnosis, and autonomous driving cars. Despite the requirement  for high reliability, DL systems are difficult to test. Existing DL testing work focuses on …
Powerlyra: Differentiated graph computation and partitioning on skewed graphs | R Chen, J Shi, Y Chen, B Zang, H Guan… - ACM Transactions on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Natural graphs with skewed distributions raise unique challenges to distributed graph  computation and partitioning. Existing graph-parallel systems usually use a “one-size-fits-all”  design that uniformly processes all vertices, which either suffer from notable load imbalance and …
Synchronous Byzantine Agreement with Expected O(1) Rounds, Expected  Communication, and Optimal Resilience | I Abraham, S Devadas, D Dolev, K Nayak… - … Conference on Financial …, 2019 - Springer | We present new protocols for Byzantine agreement in the synchronous and authenticated  setting, tolerating the optimal number of f faults among $$n=2f+1$$ parties. Our protocols  achieve an expected O(1) round complexity and an expected $$O(n^2)$$ communication …
Strategic principles for smart city development: A multiple case study analysis of European best practices | L Mora, M Deakin, A Reid - Technological Forecasting and Social Change, 2019 - Elsevier | … The results of this analysis make it possible to conclude with a number of recommendations  that address: (1) which strategic principles … Examples of activities include the integration  of urban operating systems and the construction or extension of high-speed broadband …
Statistical assertions for validating patterns and finding bugs in quantum programs | Y Huang, M Martonosi - … of the 46th International Symposium on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … First, we review the principles of quantum computing [18… The second is a quantum  chemistry problem that uses quantum operations to simulate a physical system. This represents  a broad selection of different quantum algorithm primitives. While we have not covered in this …
Designing an efficient security framework for detecting intrusions in virtual network of cloud computing | R Patil, H Dudeja, C Modi - Computers & Security, 2019 - Elsevier | … The cloud testbed has six VMs with different operating systems namely; Windows 7, Ubuntu  14.04 and Windows 10. These VMs can communicate with each other through the virtual  network interface (vSwitch) that shares the physical network with VMs. The details about …
Adversarial sample detection for deep neural network through model mutation testing | J Wang, G Dong, J Sun, X Wang… - 2019 IEEE/ACM 41st …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep neural networks (DNN) have been shown to be useful in a wide range of applications.  However, they are also known to be vulnerable to adversarial samples. By transforming a  normal sample with some carefully crafted human imperceptible perturbations, even highly …
Nic: Detecting adversarial samples with neural network invariant checking | S Ma, Y Liu - … Network and Distributed System Security Symposium  …, 2019 - par.nsf.gov | Deep Neural Networks (DNN) are vulnerable to adversarial samples that are generated by  perturbing correctly classified inputs to cause DNN models to misbehave (eg, misclassification).  This can potentially lead to disastrous consequences especially in security-sensitive …
Cybersecurity education: Evolution of the discipline and analysis of master programs | K Cabaj, D Domingos, Z Kotulski, A Respício - Computers & Security, 2018 - Elsevier | … covers operating systems security, malicious code, security-policy formation and enforcement,  vulnerability analysis, and system security evaluation. More advanced topics of this KA, such  as quantum cryptography, are covered within optional advanced cryptography courses. …
Network slicing and softwarization: A survey on principles, enabling technologies, and solutions | I Afolabi, T Taleb, K Samdanis… - … Surveys & Tutorials, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … The hypervisor is a firmware, which provides a virtual platform for guest operating systems …  ’s hardware, ie, the same way an operating system is installed. Examples of type-1 hypervisor  include … The type-2 or hosted hypervisors are installed on top of the host’s operating system, …
LVI: Hijacking transient execution through microarchitectural load value injection | J Van Bulck, D Moghimi, M Schwarz… - … IEEE Symposium on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Given the widespread deployment of Meltdown countermeasures, including changes in  operating systems and CPUs, we ask the … Our findings challenge prior views that, unlike  Spectre, Meltdown-type threats could be eradicated straightforwardly at the operating system or …
Time-resolved turbulent velocity field reconstruction using a long short-term memory (LSTM)-based artificial intelligence framework | Z Deng, Y Chen, Y Liu, KC Kim - Physics of Fluids, 2019 - aip.scitation.org | This paper focuses on the time-resolved turbulent flow reconstruction from discrete point  measurements and non-time-resolved (non-TR) particle image velocimetry (PIV) measurements  using an artificial intelligence framework based on long short-term memory (LSTM). To this …
Kvasir-seg: A segmented polyp dataset | D Jha, PH Smedsrud, MA Riegler, P Halvorsen… - … on Multimedia Modeling, 2020 - Springer | … We calculate the Dice coefficient and mean IoU based on this principle. … We performed  our experiment on a single Volta 100 GPU on a powerful Nvidia DGX-2 [6] AI system capable  of 2 PFLOPS tensor performance. The system is part of Simula Research Laboratories …
Block oriented programming: Automating data-only attacks | KK Ispoglou, B AlBassam, T Jaeger… - Proceedings of the 2018 …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | With the widespread deployment of Control-Flow Integrity (CFI), control-flow hijacking attacks,  and consequently code reuse attacks, are significantly more difficult. CFI limits control  flow to well-known locations, severely restricting arbitrary code execution. Assessing the …
The part-time parliament | L Lamport - Concurrency: the Works of Leslie Lamport, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Recent archaeological discoveries on the island of Paxos reveal that the parliament functioned  despite the peripatetic propensity of its part-time legislators. The legislators maintained  consistent copies of the parliamentary record, despite their frequent forays from the chamber …
Processing-in-memory for energy-efficient neural network training: A heterogeneous approach | J Liu, H Zhao, MA Ogleari, D Li… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Our software design offers a programming model and a runtime system that program, offload,  and schedule various NN training operations … a runtime system to dynamically map and  schedule NN operations on heterogeneous PIM, based on dynamic profiling of NN operations. …
Rlpas: Reinforcement learning-based proactive auto-scaler for resource provisioning in cloud environment | JVB Benifa, D Dejey - Mobile Networks and Applications, 2019 - Springer | … However, the fluctuating workload condition in the distributed environments results either in  low system utilization or wastage of computing resources. … In Proceedings of the nineteenth  acm symposium on operating systems principles, SOSP ‘03. ACM: New York, pp. 164–177 …
Smart Musical Instruments: vision, design principles, and future directions | L Turchet - IEEE Access, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Such DMIs have advantages in compactness, portability (as they avoid the use of  multiple external equipment) and often stability against operating system version changes (by  way of avoiding laptops or desktop computers). On the other hand, the utilized embedded …
An empirical study on learning bug-fixing patches in the wild via neural machine translation | M Tufano, C Watson, G Bavota, MD Penta… - ACM Transactions on …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … , we discarded commits impacting more than five Java files, since we aim to learn focused  bug-fixes that are not spread across the system. … building systems. Next, we focus on the BFPs  that are successfully fixed by the models and analyze the types of AST operations performed …
Certified robustness to adversarial examples with differential privacy | M Lecuyer, V Atlidakis, R Geambasu… - … IEEE Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Adversarial examples that fool machine learning models, particularly deep neural networks,  have been a topic of intense research interest, with attacks and defenses being developed  in a tight back-and-forth. Most past defenses are best effort and have been shown to be …
Public blockchain evaluation using entropy and TOPSIS | H Tang, Y Shi, P Dong - Expert Systems with Applications, 2019 - Elsevier | Blockchains have attracted worldwide attention in recent years. With the increasing number  of public blockchains, the evaluation of public blockchains becomes meaningful. This paper  aims to make a comprehensive evaluation of public blockchains from multiple dimensions. …
Recent advances in pipeline monitoring and oil leakage detection technologies: Principles and approaches | MA Adegboye, WK Fung, A Karnik - Sensors, 2019 - mdpi.com | … The use of unmanned vehicles for pipeline inspection has the advantage of being a remote  operating system; making it suitable for inspection in a remote and hazardous environment.  Lower cost of maintenance and higher operation safety are also some of the advantages of …
The scalability challenge of ethereum: An initial quantitative analysis | M Bez, G Fornari, T Vardanega - … on service-oriented system …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In our tests we used the same hardware and same operating system in all nodes and for all  miners (we deliberately used only one thread for mining). Therefore, to find a suitable starting  value for the difficulty for the different configurations, we ran a simulation with one, two, four …
Omniledger: A secure, scale-out, decentralized ledger via sharding | E Kokoris-Kogias, P Jovanovic, L Gasser… - … IEEE Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … commit-then-reveal protocol [43] that employs the pigeonhole principle to prove that the final  random number includes the contribution of at … This section introduces SLedger, a strawman  DL system that we use to outline OmniLedger’s design. Below we describe one epoch of …
Dpaxos: Managing data closer to users for low-latency and mobile applications | F Nawab, D Agrawal, A El Abbadi - Proceedings of the 2018 …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In such systems, we envision utilizing edge nodes around the world by partitioning the  data and placing each data partition at the edge node … The chubby lock service for loosely-coupled  distributed systems. In Proceedings of the 7th symposium on Operating systems design and …
Utilization-prediction-aware virtual machine consolidation approach for energy-efficient cloud data centers | SY Hsieh, CS Liu, R Buyya, AY Zomaya - Journal of Parallel and Distributed …, 2020 - Elsevier | … Consequently, reducing the power consumption in cloud data centers while preserving QoS  requirements is this study’s principle objective… To improve the prediction accuracy of the  Gray forecasting model, adding Markov prediction can enhance systems with severe randomly …
PUMA: A programmable ultra-efficient memristor-based accelerator for machine learning inference | A Ankit, IE Hajj, SR Chalamalasetti, G Ndu… - … and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Memristor crossbars are circuits capable of performing analog matrix-vector multiplications,  overcoming the fundamental energy efficiency limitations of digital logic. They have been  shown to be effective in special-purpose accelerators for a limited set of neural network …
An energy efficient and SLA compliant approach for resource allocation and consolidation in cloud computing environments | MH Malekloo, N Kara, M El Barachi - … Computing: Informatics and Systems, 2018 - Elsevier | Cloud computing is a promising paradigm that enables a “computing-as-a-service” model, in  which a dynamic pool of virtualized computational resources (eg CPU) can be leased and  released on demand. With the increased demand for cloud computing infrastructures and the …
A survey on control theory applications to operational systems, supply chain management, and Industry 4.0 | D Ivanov, S Sethi, A Dolgui, B Sokolov - Annual Reviews in Control, 2018 - Elsevier | … Although it is intuitive that dynamics is likely to impact profitability, there is little systematic  analysis and documentation of the magnitude of this impact in literature (1) at the structural  design stage while synthesizing SC and operations systems in anticipation of uncertainty, (2) at …
Sliced score matching: A scalable approach to density and score estimation | Y Song, S Garg, J Shi, S Ermon - Uncertainty in Artificial …, 2020 - proceedings.mlr.press | … Using auto-differentiation systems that support higher order gradients, we can compute it  using two gradient operations for a single v, as … Noise-contrastive estimation: A new estimation  principle for unnormalized statistical models. In Proceedings of the Thirteenth International …
Blockchain envisioned UAV networks: Challenges, solutions, and comparisons | P Mehta, R Gupta, S Tanwar - Computer Communications, 2020 - Elsevier | … of an ultra-reliable communications system for UAV swarms. It focuses on data encapsulation  protocols, a lightweight operating system, and a low latency communication protocols for  the software protocol stack. To improve the communication system hardware, a new LoRa (…
Investigating system operators' perspective on security misconfigurations | C Dietrich, K Krombholz, K Borgolte… - Proceedings of the 2018 …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … the type of system that they operate, for example, network operator or system administrator),  and they are responsible for configuring … systems they find particularly hard to operate and  why (in a free-text field), as they may point at particularly hard-to-use or unpopular systems …
Tf-ranking: Scalable tensorflow library for learning-to-rank | RK Pasumarthi, S Bruch, X Wang, C Li… - Proceedings of the 25th …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In the next section, we discuss how the design principles in TensorFlow and the Estimator  workflow inspire the design of the TensorFlow … TensorFlow Ranking is already deployed  in several production systems at Google, and in this paper we empirically demonstrate its …
IoT transaction processing through cooperative concurrency control on fog–cloud computing environment | A Al-Qerem, M Alauthman, A Almomani, BB Gupta - Soft Computing, 2020 - Springer | … The researchers of the present study shall focus on a system of IoT and a structure for  computing that is hierarchical. They shall also focus on a group of users of … In: Paper presented  at the proceedings of the 25th symposium on operating systems principles, Monterey, California …
Context-sensitive fencing: Securing speculative execution via microcode customization | M Taram, A Venkat, D Tullsen - … Languages and Operating Systems, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In addition, this work also takes advantage of the reconfiguration framework offered by CSD,  allowing the operating system and other trusted entities to dynamically control the frequency,  type, and behavior of fences that are surgically inserted into the micro-op stream to secure …
Speechless: Analyzing the threat to speech privacy from smartphone motion sensors | SA Anand, N Saxena - 2018 IEEE Symposium on Security and …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … First, human-rendered speech seems potentially incapacitated to trigger smartphone motion  sensors within the limited sampling rates imposed by the smartphone operating systems.  Second, it seems that even machine-rendered speech may not be powerful enough to affect …
A new golden age for computer architecture | JL Hennessy, DA Patterson - Communications of the ACM, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … operating system written in the thennew programming language Ada. This ambitious project  was alas several years late, forcing Intel to start an emergency replacement effort in Santa  Clara to deliver a 16-bit microprocessor in 1979. Intel gave the new team 52 weeks to develop …
Do automated program repair techniques repair hard and important bugs? | M Motwani, S Sankaranarayanan, R Just… - Empirical Software …, 2018 - Springer | Existing evaluations of automated repair techniques focus on the fraction of the defects for  which the technique can produce a patch, the time needed to produce patches, and how  well patches generalize to the intended specification. However, these evaluations have not …
Store-to-leak forwarding: Leaking data on meltdown-resistant cpus | M Schwarz, C Canella, L Giner, D Gruss - arXiv preprint arXiv:1905.05725, 2019 - gruss.cc | … Due to the severity of these vulnerabilities, and the ease to exploit them, all major operating  systems rolled out software mitigations to prevent exploitation of Meltdown [14, 19, 28, 44].  The software mitigations are based on the idea of separating user and kernel space in stricter …
Understanding and improving security and privacy in multi-user smart homes: a design exploration and in-home user study | E Zeng, F Roesner - 28th {USENIX} Security Symposium ({USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | … Based on design principles grounded in prior work, we built a prototype smart home app  that includes concrete features such as location-… From the results of the user study, we re-evaluate  our initial design principles, we surface user feedback on security and privacy features, …
Identifying, categorizing and mitigating threats to validity in software engineering secondary studies | A Ampatzoglou, S Bibi, P Avgeriou, M Verbeek… - Information and …, 2019 - Elsevier | Context Secondary studies are vulnerable to threats to validity. Although, mitigating these  threats is crucial for the credibility of these studies, we currently lack a systematic approach  to identify, categorize and mitigate threats to validity for secondary studies. Objective In this …
Dhtm: Durable hardware transactional memory | A Joshi, V Nagarajan, M Cintra… - … International Symposium …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In the DHTM design, the transaction log space is thread private and is allocated by the  operating system (OS) when the thread is spawned… The recovery manager is implemented as  an operating system service which is invoked upon system re-start. As described earlier, the OS …
Multi-path transport for {RDMA} in datacenters | Y Lu, G Chen, B Li, K Tan, Y Xiong, P Cheng… - … {USENIX} Symposium …, 2018 - usenix.org | RDMA is becoming prevalent because of its low latency, high throughput and low CPU  overhead. However, current RDMA remains a single path transport which is prone to failures  and falls short to utilize the rich parallel paths in datacenters. Unlike previous multipath …
Simulation-based adversarial test generation for autonomous vehicles with machine learning components | CE Tuncali, G Fainekos, H Ito… - … Vehicles Symposium (IV …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … autonomous automobile systems, such as LIDAR and radar. In principle, this means that the  controller that we use is likely more sensitive to the performance of the imagebased perception  systems, as compared to a typical autonomous driving system, since the computer vision …
Lazy persistency: A high-performing and write-efficient software persistency technique | M Alshboul, J Tuck, Y Solihin - … International Symposium on …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Emerging Non-Volatile Memories (NVMs) are expected to be included in future main memory,  providing the opportunity to host important data persistently in main memory. However,  achieving persistency requires that programs be written with failure-safety in mind. Many …
Multiple-implementation testing of supervised learning software | S Srisakaokul, Z Wu, A Astorga, O Alebiosu… - Workshops at the Thirty …, 2018 - aaai.org | Abstract Machine Learning (ML) algorithms are now used in a wide range of application domains  in society. Naturally, software implementations of these algorithms have become ubiquitous.  Faults in ML software can cause substantial losses in these application domains. Thus, …
Scalable deep learning on distributed infrastructures: Challenges, techniques, and tools | R Mayer, HA Jacobsen - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Finally, we highlight future research trends in DL systems that deserve further research. …  In this section, we discuss the main directions of DL systems research in depth. We introduce  the main research challenges, discuss state-of-the-art approaches, and analyze open research …
Laconic deep learning inference acceleration | S Sharify, AD Lascorz, M Mahmoud… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We present a method for transparently identifying ineffectual computations during inference  with Deep Learning models. Specifically, by decomposing multiplications down to the bit level,  the amount of work needed by multiplications during inference can be potentially reduced …
FIRM-AFL: high-throughput greybox fuzzing of iot firmware via augmented process emulation | Y Zheng, A Davanian, H Yin, C Song, H Zhu… - … } Security Symposium  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … This mapping process is transparent to the guest operating system (OS) meaning that QEMU  still allows the guest OS to set up the GVA to Guest Physical Address (GPA) mapping through  the interface of page tables and to handle page faults. Under the hood, QEMU inserts a …
Neural code comprehension: A learnable representation of code semantics | T Ben-Nun, AS Jakobovits, T Hoefler - arXiv preprint arXiv:1806.07336, 2018 - arxiv.org | With the recent success of embeddings in natural language processing, research has been  conducted into applying similar methods to code analysis. Most works attempt to process  the code directly or use a syntactic tree representation, treating it like sentences written in a …
Detection of anaemia from retinal fundus images via deep learning | A Mitani, A Huang, S Venugopalan… - Nature Biomedical …, 2020 - nature.com | Owing to the invasiveness of diagnostic tests for anaemia and the costs associated with  screening for it, the condition is often undetected. Here, we show that anaemia can be detected  via machine-learning algorithms trained using retinal fundus images, study participant …
A brief history of cloud application architectures | N Kratzke - Applied Sciences, 2018 - mdpi.com | This paper presents a review of cloud application architectures and its evolution. It reports  observations being made during a research project that tackled the problem to transfer cloud  applications between different cloud infrastructures. As a side effect, we learned a lot about …
The privacy blanket of the shuffle model | B Balle, J Bell, A Gascón, K Nissim - Annual International Cryptology …, 2019 - Springer | This work studies differential privacy in the context of the recently proposed shuffle model.  Unlike in the local model, where the server collecting privatized data from users can track  back an input to a specific user, in the shuffle model users submit their privatized inputs to a …
Performance of the quantum approximate optimization algorithm on the maximum cut problem | GE Crooks - arXiv preprint arXiv:1811.08419, 2018 - arxiv.org | … evolve the system with the cost Hamiltonian for some angle γp, Up = exp(−iγpHC), and then  evolve the system with a driver Hamiltonian … Zheng, in 12th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI 16) (2016) pp. 265–283. [40] QuantumFlow: A …
Keeping the smart home private with smart (er) iot traffic shaping | N Apthorpe, DY Huang, D Reisman… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2018 - arxiv.org | … Banner grabbing [1, 13, 15], fingerprinting [7, 36, 37], and acquisitional rule-based engines  [17], have all been proposed as methods of operating system and device identification. Building  on these methods, we note that external adversaries and local adversaries with network …
Formal approaches to secure compilation: A survey of fully abstract compilation and related work | M Patrignani, A Ahmed, D Clarke - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … Capsicum introduces capabilities at the OS level in a BSD-like operating system. Cheri  introduces capabilities at the hardware level like the M-Machine and adds a capability co-processor  to the CPU to handle capabilities; normal instructions then succeed only if an enabling …
Robustness testing of autonomy software | C Hutchison, M Zizyte, PE Lanigan… - 2018 IEEE/ACM 40th …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … (ASTAA), a system that effectively, automatically robustness tests autonomy systems by  building on classic principles, with important … across systems; We have written several for  general use, including ROS (Robot Operating System) and CAN modules. Given appropriate …
Achieving predictable multicore execution of automotive applications using the LET paradigm | A Biondi, M Di Natale - … and Applications Symposium (RTAS), 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Multiple implementation options are discussed using the automotive AUTOSAR model  and operating system standard, and a realistic application defined by Bosch for the 2017  WATERS challenge. Experimental data of executions on the Infineon Aurix platform show the …
A survey of IoT applications in blockchain systems: Architecture, consensus, and traffic modeling | L Lao, Z Li, S Hou, B Xiao, S Guo, Y Yang - ACM Computing Surveys …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … Middleware layer: Since there are numerous heterogeneous devices in the lower layer of  the IoT system. They may have different operating systems, query formats, and data formats. It  is difficult for software developers to develop an integrated IoT application that is compatible …
Detecting violations of differential privacy | Z Ding, Y Wang, G Wang, D Zhang, D Kifer - Proceedings of the 2018 …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | The widespread acceptance of differential privacy has led to the publication of many  sophisticated algorithms for protecting privacy. However, due to the subtle nature of this privacy  definition, many such algorithms have bugs that make them violate their claimed privacy. In this …
Elastic sketch: Adaptive and fast network-wide measurements | T Yang, J Jiang, P Liu, Q Huang, J Gong… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Finally, we introduce the most well-known network measurement systems from the literature.  … Examples: The insertion and query operations are slightly different from the basic version,  and here we use examples to show the differences in Figure 6. 1) To insert f8, in the first sub-…
Computing graph neural networks: A survey from algorithms to accelerators | S Abadal, A Jain, R Guirado, J López-Alonso… - ACM Computing …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) have exploded onto the machine learning scene in recent  years owing to their capability to model and learn from graph-structured data. Such an ability  has strong implications in a wide variety of fields whose data are inherently relational, for …
Ekiden: A platform for confidentiality-preserving, trustworthy, and performant smart contracts | R Cheng, F Zhang, J Kos, W He… - … Symposium on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … c) Threat Model: All parties in the system must trust Ekiden and TEE. We assume the  adversary can control the operating system and the network stack of all but one compute nodes.  On controlled nodes, the adversary can reorder messages and schedule processes arbitrarily. …
HyperFlow: A processor architecture for nonmalleable, timing-safe information flow security | A Ferraiuolo, M Zhao, AC Myers, GE Suh - Proceedings of the 2018 ACM …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … HyperFlow uses a novel representation of lattices that can be implemented in hardware  efficiently yet supports the full generality of many prior label models used in operating systems  [8, 21, 67] and programming languages [1, 42, 47]. HyperFlow permits communication across …
Automatically leveraging mapreduce frameworks for data-intensive applications | MBS Ahmad, A Cheung - … of the 2018 International Conference on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | MapReduce is a popular programming paradigm for developing large-scale, data-intensive  computation. Many frameworks that implement this paradigm have recently been developed.  To leverage these frameworks, however, developers must become familiar with their APIs …
Electro-hydraulic velocity and position control based on independent metering valve control in mobile construction equipment | J Shi, L Quan, X Zhang, X Xiong - Automation in Construction, 2018 - Elsevier | … of hydraulic excavator adopting independent metering valve control system in this paper is  shown in Fig. . The boom cylinder and the arm … The system principle of hydraulic excavator  adopting IMV system in this paper is shown in Fig. . The components of the test system are …
