Introduction to the special issue on the award papers of USENIX ATC 2019 | D Malkhi, D Tsafrir - ACM Transactions on Computer Systems (TOCS), 2020 - dl.acm.org | This special issue of ACM Transactions on Computer Systems presents the three papers from  the 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (ATC’19) that won the Best Paper Award.  The scope of ATC is broad. It covers all practical aspects related to systems software, and its …
Refreshing ATC–USENIX ATC'19 Program Co-Chairs Message | D Tsafrir, D Malkhi - 2019 - usenix.org | … After we accepted the position of the ATC ’19 program cochairs, we were asked by USENIX  to take into account that the number of submissions in 2019 might exhibit the … At the end of  the second stage, we elected three papers to receive best-paper awards for USENIX ATC ’19. …
Introduction to the Special Issue on USENIX ATC 2020 | A Gavrilovska, E Zadok - ACM Transactions on Storage, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … storage-related papers published in the USENIX Annual Technical Conference (ATC’20).  The scope of ATC is broad and covers all practical … Despite this relatively broad scope, ATC  receives a fairly large number of papers related to storage technologies—a healthy and very …
Introduction to the Special Section on USENIX ATC 2019 | D Malkhi, D Tsafrir - ACM Transactions on Storage (TOS), 2020 - dl.acm.org | … This special section of ACM Transactions on Storage (ATC) presents some of the highlights  of the storage-related papers published in the USENIX Annual Technical Conference (ATC’19).  The scope of ATC is broad. It covers all practical aspects related to systems software, and …
Introduction to the Special Section on the 2018 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (ATC'18) | H Gunawi, B Reed - ACM Transactions on Storage (TOS), 2019 - dl.acm.org | … of the highlights of the 2018 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (ATC’18). Over the years,  USENIX ATC has evolved into a community of … ATC’18 received a record number of 377  submissions. Of these, we selected three high-quality storage-related articles for publication in …
USENIX ATC/HotStorage 2019 参加報告 | 吉村剛 - コンピュータソフトウェア, 2019 - jstage.jst.go.jp | 米国ワシントン州レントンにて, 2019 年 7 月 8 日から 9 日にかけて 11th USENIX Workshop on  Hot Topics in Storage and File Systems (HotStorage 2019), 10 日から 12 日にかけて 2019  USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 2019) が開催された. ATC はシステム…
Understanding ephemeral storage for serverless analytics | A Klimovic, Y Wang, C Kozyrakis, P Stuedi… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 2018 USENIX Annual Technical Conference  (USENIX ATC ’18). … We thank the ATC reviewers for their feedback. We thank Sadjad Fouladi  and Qian Li for the insightful technical discussions. This work is supported by the Stanford …
Putting the" micro" back in microservice | S Boucher, A Kalia, DG Andersen… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Modern cloud computing environments strive to provide users with fine-grained scheduling  and accounting, as well as seamless scalability. The most recent face to this trend is the “serverless”  model, in which individual functions, or microservices, are executed on demand. …
Analyzing efficient stream processing on modern hardware | S Zeuch, BD Monte, J Karimov, C Lutz, M Renz… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 2013 USENIX Conference on Annual Technical Conference, USENIX  ATC'13, pages 103--114, Berkeley, CA, USA, 2013. USENIX Association. Google Scholar  Google Scholar … In USENIX Workshop on Hot Topics in Cloud Computing (HotCloud 16). …
Model governance: Reducing the anarchy of production {ML} | V Sridhar, S Subramanian, D Arteaga… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | As the influence of machine learning grows over decisions in businesses and human life, so  grows the need for Model Governance. In this paper, we motivate the need for, define the  problem of, and propose a solution for Model Governance in production ML. We show that …
{SOCK}: Rapid task provisioning with serverless-optimized containers | E Oakes, L Yang, D Zhou, K Houck, T Harter… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Serverless computing promises to provide applications with cost savings and extreme  elasticity. Unfortunately, slow application and container initialization can hurt common-case  latency on serverless platforms. In this work, we analyze Linux container primitives, identifying …
Serverless in the wild: Characterizing and optimizing the serverless workload at a large cloud provider | M Shahrad, R Fonseca, Í Goiri, G Chaudhry… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Function as a Service (FaaS) has been gaining popularity as a way to deploy computations  to serverless backends in the cloud. This paradigm shifts the complexity of allocating and  provisioning resources to the cloud provider, which has to provide the illusion of always-…
{MapperX}: Adaptive Metadata Maintenance for Fast Crash Recovery of {DM-Cache} Based Hybrid Storage Devices | L Yin, L Wang, Y Zhang, Y Peng - … USENIX Annual Technical Conference …, 2021 - usenix.org | DM-cache is a component of the device mapper of Linux kernel, which has been widely used  to map SSDs and HDDs onto higher-level virtual block devices that take fast SSDs as a cache  for slow HDDs to achieve high I/O performance at low monetary cost. While enjoying the …
Pantheon: the training ground for Internet congestion-control research | FY Yan, J Ma, GD Hill, D Raghavan… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … We thank the USENIX ATC reviewers for their helpful comments and suggestions. We are  grateful to Yuchung Cheng, Janardhan Iyengar, Michael Schapira, and Hari Balakrishnan  for feedback throughout this project. This work was supported by NSF grant CNS-1528197, …
Varys: Protecting {SGX} enclaves from practical side-channel attacks | O Oleksenko, B Trach, R Krahn, M Silberstein… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Numerous recent works have experimentally shown that Intel Software Guard Extensions (SGX)  are vulnerable to cache timing and page table side-channel attacks which could be used to  circumvent the data confidentiality guarantees provided by SGX. Existing mechanisms …
{SAND}: Towards High-Performance Serverless Computing | IE Akkus, R Chen, I Rimac, M Stein, K Satzke… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Serverless computing has emerged as a new cloud computing paradigm, where an application  consists of individual functions that can be separately managed and executed. However,  existing serverless platforms normally isolate and execute functions in separate containers, …
Characterizing and Optimizing Remote Persistent Memory with {RDMA} and {NVM} | X Wei, X Xie, R Chen, H Chen, B Zang - … Technical Conference (USENIX …, 2021 - usenix.org | The appealing properties of NVM including high performance, persistence, and byte-addressability,  and a recent active thread of building remote memory systems with RDMA, have produced  considerable interest in combining them for fast and persistent remote memory …
MatrixKV: Reducing Write Stalls and Write Amplification in LSM-tree Based {KV} Stores with Matrix Container in {NVM} | T Yao, Y Zhang, J Wan, Q Cui, L Tang, H Jiang… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Popular LSM-tree based key-value stores suffer from suboptimal and unpredictable  performance due to write amplification and write stalls that cause application performance to  periodically drop to nearly zero. Our preliminary experimental studies reveal that (1) write stalls …
Daydream: Accurately Estimating the Efficacy of Optimizations for {DNN} Training | H Zhu, A Phanishayee, G Pekhimenko - … } Annual Technical Conference …, 2020 - usenix.org | Modern deep neural network (DNN) training uses a complex software/hardware stack used  by machine learning (ML) practitioners are often heterogeneous. The efficacy of software-level  optimizations can vary significantly when applied to different configurations. It is onerous …
Centralized core-granular scheduling for serverless functions | K Kaffes, NJ Yadwadkar, C Kozyrakis - … of the ACM Symposium on Cloud …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In 16th USENIX Symposium on Networked Systems Design and Implementation (NSDI  19). … In 2018 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 18). USENIX  Association, Boston, MA, 57–70. https://www.…
Differentiated {Key-Value} Storage Management for Balanced {I/O} Performance | Y Li, Z Liu, PPC Lee, J Wu, Y Xu, Y Wu, L Tang… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | Modern key-value (KV) stores adopt the LSM-tree as the core data structure for managing  KV pairs, but suffer from high write and read amplifications. Existing LSM-tree optimizations  often make design trade-offs and are unable to simultaneously achieve high performance in …
A Case Study of {Processing-in-Memory} in {off-the-Shelf} Systems | J Nider, C Mustard, A Zoltan, J Ramsden, L Liu… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | We evaluate a new processing-in-memory (PIM) architecture from UPMEM that was built  and deployed in an off-the-shelf server. Systems designed to perform computing in or near  memory have been proposed for decades to overcome the proverbial memory wall, yet most …
Perfiso: Performance isolation for commercial latency-sensitive services | C Iorgulescu, R Azimi, Y Kwon, S Elnikety… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Large commercial latency-sensitive services, such as web search, run on dedicated clusters  provisioned for peak load to ensure responsiveness and tolerate data center outages. As a  result, the average load is far lower than the peak load used for provisioning, leading to …
Accelerating Encrypted Deduplication via {SGX} | Y Ren, J Li, Z Yang, PPC Lee, X Zhang - … Technical Conference (USENIX …, 2021 - usenix.org | Encrypted deduplication preserves the deduplication effectiveness on encrypted data and is  attractive for outsourced storage. However, existing encrypted deduplication approaches  build on expensive cryptographic primitives that incur substantial performance slowdown. We …
Faastlane: Accelerating {Function-as-a-Service} Workflows | S Kotni, A Nayak, V Ganapathy, A Basu - … Annual Technical Conference …, 2021 - usenix.org | In FaaS workflows, a set of functions implement application logic by interacting and exchanging  data among themselves. Contemporary FaaS platforms execute each function of a workflow  in separate containers. When functions in a workflow interact, the resulting latency slows …
{SILK}: Preventing Latency Spikes in Log-Structured Merge Key-Value Stores | O Balmau, F Dinu, W Zwaenepoel, K Gupta… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | LSM-based KV stores are designed to offer good write performance, by capturing client writes  in memory, and only later flushing them to storage. Writes are later compacted into a tree-like  data structure on disk to improve read performance and to reduce storage space use. It …
Selecta: Heterogeneous cloud storage configuration for data analytics | A Klimovic, H Litz, C Kozyrakis - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2018 - usenix.org | Data analytics are an important class of data-intensive workloads on public cloud services.  However, selecting the right compute and storage configuration for these applications is  difficult as the space of available options is large and the interactions between options are …
{STMS}: Improving {MPTCP} throughput under heterogeneous networks | H Shi, Y Cui, X Wang, Y Hu, M Dai, F Wang… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Using multiple interfaces on mobile devices to get high throughput is promising to improve  the user experience. However, Multipath TCP (MPTCP), the de-facto standardized solution,  suffers when different paths have heterogeneous quality. This problem is especially severe …
Redesigning LSMs for nonvolatile memory with NoveLSM | S Kannan, N Bhat, A Gavrilovska… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | We present NoveLSM, a persistent LSM-based key-value storage system designed to exploit  non-volatile memories and deliver low latency and high throughput to applications. We utilize  three key techniques–a byte-addressable skip list, direct mutability of persistent state, and …
Pangolin: A fault-tolerant persistent memory programming library | L Zhang, S Swanson - … USENIX} Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX …, 2019 - usenix.org | … We thank our shepherd, Kimberly Keeton and the anonymous USENIX ATC reviewers for  their insightful comments and suggestions. We are also thankful for Intel to provide us early  access to platforms with Intel’s Optane DC Persistent Memory Modules. …
Avocado: A Secure {In-Memory} Distributed Storage System | M Bailleu, D Giantsidi, V Gavrielatos… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | We introduce Avocado, a secure in-memory distributed storage system that provides strong  security, fault-tolerance, consistency (linearizability) and performance for untrusted cloud  environments. Avocado achieves these properties based on TEEs, which, however, are …
Throwhammer: Rowhammer attacks over the network and defenses | A Tatar, RK Konoth, E Athanasopoulos… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Increasingly sophisticated Rowhammer exploits allow an attacker that can execute code on a  vulnerable system to escalate privileges and compromise browsers, clouds, and mobile  systems. In all these attacks, the common assumption is that attackers first need to obtain code …
Neugraph: parallel deep neural network computation on large graphs | L Ma, Z Yang, Y Miao, J Xue, M Wu, L Zhou… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Recent deep learning models have moved beyond low dimensional regular grids such as  image, video, and speech, to high-dimensional graph-structured data, such as social networks,  e-commerce user-item graphs, and knowledge graphs. This evolution has led to large graph…
Asynchronous I/O stack: A low-latency kernel I/O stack for ultra-low latency SSDs | G Lee, S Shin, W Song, TJ Ham, JW Lee… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Today's ultra-low latency SSDs can deliver an I/O latency of sub-ten microseconds. With this  dramatically shrunken device time, operations inside the kernel I/O stack, which were  traditionally considered lightweight, are no longer a negligible portion. This motivates us to …
Cntr: Lightweight {OS} Containers | J Thalheim, P Bhatotia, P Fonseca… - … USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2018 - usenix.org | Container-based virtualization has become the de-facto standard for deploying applications  in data centers. However, deployed containers frequently include a wide-range of tools (eg,  debuggers) that are not required for applications in the common use-case, but they are …
Soteria: Automated iot safety and security analysis | ZB Celik, P McDaniel, G Tan - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Broadly defined as the Internet of Things (IoT), the growth of commodity devices that integrate  physical processes with digital systems have changed the way we live, play and work. Yet  existing IoT platforms cannot evaluate whether an IoT app or environment is safe, secure, …
OpenExpress: Fully hardware automated open research framework for future fast NVMe devices | M Jung - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2020 - usenix.org | NVMe is widely used by diverse types of storage and non-volatile memories subsystems as  a de-facto fast I/O communication interface. Industries secure their own intellectual property (IP)  for high-speed NVMe controllers and explore challenges of software stack with future fast …
Sweyntooth: Unleashing mayhem over bluetooth low energy | ME Garbelini, C Wang, S Chattopadhyay… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | The Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) is a promising short-range communication technology for  Internet-of-Things (IoT) with reduced energy consumption. Vendors implement BLE protocols  in their manufactured devices compliant to Bluetooth Core Specification. Recently, several …
{OPTIMUSCLOUD}: Heterogeneous Configuration Optimization for Distributed Databases in the Cloud | A Mahgoub, AM Medoff, R Kumar, S Mitra… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Achieving cost and performance efficiency for cloud-hosted databases requires exploring a  large configuration space, including the parameters exposed by the database along with the  variety of VM configurations available in the cloud. Even small deviations from an optimal …
From laptop to lambda: Outsourcing everyday jobs to thousands of transient functional containers | S Fouladi, F Romero, D Iter, Q Li, S Chatterjee… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | We present gg, a framework and a set of command-line tools that helps people execute  everyday applications—eg, software compilation, unit tests, video encoding, or object  recognition—using thousands of parallel threads on a cloud-functions service to achieve near-…
Metis: Robustly tuning tail latencies of cloud systems | ZL Li, CJM Liang, W He, L Zhu, W Dai, J Jiang… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Tuning configurations is essential for operating modern cloud systems, but the difficulty arises  from the cloud system’s diverse workloads, large system scale, and vast parameter space.  The systems community has recently demonstrated the potential of predictive regression in …
Optimizing memory-mapped I/O for fast storage devices | A Papagiannis, G Xanthakis, G Saloustros… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Memory-mapped I/O provides several potential advantages over explicit read/write I/O,  especially for low latency devices:(1) It does not require a system call,(2) it incurs almost zero  overhead for data in memory (I/O cache hits), and (3) it removes copies between kernel and user …
{UREQA}: Leveraging Operation-Aware Error Rates for Effective Quantum Circuit Mapping on NISQ-Era Quantum Computers | T Patel, B Li, RB Roy, D Tiwari - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2020 - usenix.org | Noisy Intermediate-Scale Quantum (NISQ) computers are enabling development and evaluation  of real quantum algorithms, but due to their highly erroneous nature, careful selection of  qubits to map the algorithm on to real hardware is required to minimize the error rate of the …
SplinterDB: Closing the bandwidth gap for nvme key-value stores | A Conway, A Gupta, V Chidambaram… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Modern NVMe solid state drives offer significantly higher bandwidth and low latency than  prior storage devices. Current key-value stores struggle to fully utilize the bandwidth of such  devices. This paper presents SplinterDB, a new key-value store explicitly designed for NVMe …
Clicknf: a modular stack for custom network functions | M Gallo, R Laufer - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2018 - usenix.org | Network function virtualization has recently allowed specialized equipment to be replaced with  equivalent software implementation. The Click router was a first step in this direction, defining  a modular platform for generalized packet processing. Despite its major impact, however…
Zico: Efficient {GPU} Memory Sharing for Concurrent {DNN} Training | G Lim, J Ahn, W Xiao, Y Kwon, M Jeon - … Technical Conference (USENIX …, 2021 - usenix.org | … USENIX is committed to Open Access to the research presented at our events. Papers and  proceedings are freely available to everyone once the event begins. Any video, audio, and/or  slides that are posted after the event are also free and open to everyone. Support USENIX …
The design and operation of CloudLab | D Duplyakin, R Ricci, A Maricq, G Wong… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … We thank the anonymous USENIX ATC reviewers and our shepherd, Dilma da Silva,  whose comments helped us to greatly improve this work. This material is based upon work  supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant Numbers 1419199 and 1743363. …
Practical erase suspension for modern low-latency ssds | S Kim, J Bae, H Jang, W Jin, J Gong, S Lee… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | As NAND flash technology continues to scale, flash-based SSDs have become key  components in data-center servers. One of the main design goals for data-center SSDs is low  read tail latency, which is crucial for interactive online services as a single query can generate …
On the diversity of cluster workloads and its impact on research results | G Amvrosiadis, JW Park, GR Ganger… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Six years ago, Google released an invaluable set of scheduler logs which has already been  used in more than 450 publications. We find that the scarcity of other data sources, however,  is leading researchers to overfit their work to Google's dataset characteristics. We …
{UniStore}: A fault-tolerant marriage of causal and strong consistency | M Bravo, A Gotsman, B de Régil, H Wei - … Annual Technical Conference …, 2021 - usenix.org | Modern online services rely on data stores that replicate their data across geographically  distributed data centers. Providing strong consistency in such data stores results in high  latencies and makes the system vulnerable to network partitions. The alternative of relaxing …
Mainstream: Dynamic stem-sharing for multi-tenant video processing | AH Jiang, DLK Wong, C Canel, L Tang, I Misra… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Mainstream is a new video analysis system that jointly adapts concurrent applications sharing  fixed edge resources to maximize aggregate result quality. Mainstream exploits partial-DNN  (deep neural network) compute sharing among applications trained through transfer …
A Deep Dive into {DNS} Query Failures | D Yang, Z Li, G Tyson - … } Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX}{ATC} …, 2020 - usenix.org | The Domain Name System (DNS) is fundamental to the operation of the Internet. Failures  within DNS can have a dramatic impact on the wider Internet, most notably preventing access  to any services dependent on domain names (eg web, mobile apps). Although there have …
Optimizing {CNN} model inference on cpus | Y Liu, Y Wang, R Yu, M Li, V Sharma… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … We would like to thank our shepherd Peter Pietzuch and the anonymous reviewers of the  USENIX ATC program committee for their valuable comments which improved the paper a lot.  We are also grateful to Tianqi Chen and Animesh Jain for helpful discussion and constructive …
Lessons learned from the chameleon testbed | K Keahey, J Anderson, Z Zhen, P Riteau… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | The Chameleon testbed is a case study in adapting the cloud paradigm for computer science  research. In this paper, we explain how this adaptation was achieved, evaluate it from the  perspective of supporting the most experiments for the most users, and make a case that …
Scaling hardware accelerated network monitoring to concurrent and dynamic queries with* flow | J Sonchack, O Michel, AJ Aviv, E Keller… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Measurement plays a key role in network operation and management. An important but  unaddressed practical requirement in high speed networks is supporting concurrent applications  with diverse and potentially dynamic measurement objectives. We introduce Flow, a switch …
Max: A {Multicore-Accelerated} File System for Flash Storage | X Liao, Y Lu, E Xu, J Shu - … Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC …, 2021 - usenix.org | The bandwidth of flash storage has been surging in recent years. Employing multicores to  fully unleash its abundant bandwidth becomes a necessary step towards building high  performance storage systems. This paper presents the design and implementation of Max, a …
Faasm: Lightweight isolation for efficient stateful serverless computing | S Shillaker, P Pietzuch - … } Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX}{ATC …, 2020 - usenix.org | Serverless computing is an excellent fit for big data processing because it can scale quickly  and cheaply to thousands of parallel functions. Existing serverless platforms isolate functions  in ephemeral, stateless containers, preventing them from directly sharing memory. This …
{RainBlock}: Faster Transaction Processing in Public Blockchains | S Ponnapalli, A Shah, S Banerjee, D Malkhi… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | We present RAINBLOCK, a public blockchain that achieves high transaction throughput without  modifying the proof-of-work consensus. The chief insight behind RAINBLOCK is that while  consensus controls the rate at which new blocks are added to the blockchain, the number …
{POSH}: A Data-Aware Shell | D Raghavan, S Fouladi, P Levis… - … USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2020 - usenix.org | We present POSH, a framework that accelerates shell applications with I/O-heavy components,  such as data analytics with command-line utilities. Remote storage such as networked  filesystems can severely limit the performance of these applications: data makes a round trip …
Elasticbf: elastic bloom filter with hotness awareness for boosting read performance in large key-value stores | Y Li, C Tian, F Guo, C Li, Y Xu - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2019 - usenix.org | LSM-tree based key-value (KV) stores suffer from severe read amplification because searching  a key requires to check multiple SSTables. To reduce extra I/Os, Bloom filters are usually  deployed in KV stores to improve read performance. However, Bloom filters suffer from false …
{LUMOS}: Dependency-Driven Disk-based Graph Processing | K Vora - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | Out-of-core graph processing systems are well-optimized to maintain sequential locality on  disk and minimize the amount of disk I/O per iteration. Even though the sparsity in real-world  graphs provides opportunities for out-of-order execution, these systems often process graphs …
{ZNS}: Avoiding the Block Interface Tax for Flash-based {SSDs} | M Bjørling, A Aghayev, H Holmberg… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | The Zoned Namespace (ZNS) interface represents a new division of functionality between  host software and flash-based SSDs. Current flash-based SSDs maintain the decades-old  block interface, which comes at substantial expense in terms of capacity over-provisioning, …
AC-key: Adaptive caching for LSM-based key-value stores | F Wu, MH Yang, B Zhang, DHC Du - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2020 - usenix.org | Read performance of LSM-tree-based Key-Value Stores suffers from serious read amplification  caused by the leveled structure used to improve write performance. Caching is one of the  main techniques to improve the performance of read operations. Designing an efficient …
{AIQL}: Enabling efficient attack investigation from system monitoring data | P Gao, X Xiao, Z Li, F Xu, SR Kulkarni… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | The need for countering Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) attacks has led to the solutions  that ubiquitously monitor system activities in each host, and perform timely attack investigation  over the monitoring data for analyzing attack provenance. However, existing query systems …
FineStream: Fine-grained window-based stream processing on CPU-GPU integrated architectures | F Zhang, L Yang, S Zhang, B He, W Lu… - … USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2020 - usenix.org | Accelerating SQL queries on stream processing by utilizing heterogeneous coprocessors,  such as GPUs, has shown to be an effective approach. Most works show that heterogeneous  processors bring significant performance improvement because of their high parallelism and …
Remote regions: a simple abstraction for remote memory | MK Aguilera, N Amit, I Calciu, X Deguillard… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | We propose an intuitive abstraction for a process to export its memory to remote hosts, and to  access the memory exported by others. This abstraction provides a simpler interface to RDMA  and other remote memory technologies compared to the existing verbs interface. The key …
{aDFS}: An Almost {Depth-First-Search} Distributed {Graph-Querying} System | V Trigonakis, JP Lozi, T Faltín, NP Roth… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | Graph processing is an invaluable tool for data analytics. In particular, pattern-matching  queries enable flexible graph exploration and analysis, similar to what SQL provides for  relational databases. Graph queries focus on following connections in the data; they are a …
Exploring the Design Space of Page Management for {Multi-Tiered} Memory Systems | J Kim, W Choe, J Ahn - … USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX …, 2021 - usenix.org | With the arrival of tiered memory systems comprising various types of memory, such as DRAM  and SCM, the operating system support for memory management is becoming increasingly  important. However, the way that operating systems currently manage pages was designed …
{Z-Journal}: Scalable {Per-Core} Journaling | J Kim, C Campes, JY Hwang, J Jeong… - … USENIX Annual Technical …, 2021 - usenix.org | File system journaling critically limits the scalability of a file system because all simultaneous  write operations coming from multiple cores must be serialized to be written to the journal  area. Although a few scalable journaling approaches have been proposed, they required the …
Mark: Exploiting cloud services for cost-effective, slo-aware machine learning inference serving | C Zhang, M Yu, W Wang, F Yan - … USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2019 - usenix.org | The advances of Machine Learning (ML) have sparked a growing demand of ML-as-a-Service:  developers train ML models and publish them in the cloud as online services to provide low-latency  inference at scale. The key challenge of ML model serving is to meet the response…
{XFUSE}: An Infrastructure for Running Filesystem Services in User Space | Q Huai, W Hsu, J Lu, H Liang, H Xu… - … USENIX Annual Technical …, 2021 - usenix.org | Implementing the filesystem in user space reduces development complexity and decreases  dependency on the underlying OS platform. Implementing the filesystem at the user level as  opposed to inside the OS kernel, however, has traditionally meant lower performance. This …
One-sided {RDMA-Conscious} Extendible Hashing for Disaggregated Memory | P Zuo, J Sun, L Yang, S Zhang, Y Hua - … Technical Conference (USENIX …, 2021 - usenix.org | Memory disaggregation is a promising technique in datacenters with the benefit of improving  resource utilization, failure isolation, and elasticity. Hashing indexes have been widely used  to provide fast lookup services in distributed memory systems. However, traditional hashing …
Kernel-supported cost-effective audit logging for causality tracking | S Ma, J Zhai, Y Kwon, KH Lee, X Zhang… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | The Linux Audit system is widely used as a causality tracking system in real-world deployments  for problem diagnosis and forensic analysis. However, it has poor performance. We perform  a comprehensive analysis on the Linux Audit system and find that it suffers from high …
Not so fast: Analyzing the performance of webassembly vs. native code | A Jangda, B Powers, ED Berger, A Guha - … Annual Technical Conference …, 2019 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 2019 USENIX Annual Technical  Conference. … Open access to the Proceedings of the 2019 USENIX Annual Technical  Conference is sponsored by USENIX. … 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference 107 …
Deepcpu: Serving rnn-based deep learning models 10x faster | M Zhang, S Rajbhandari, W Wang, Y He - … Annual Technical Conference …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Open access to the Proceedings of the 2018 USENIX Annual Technical Conference is  sponsored by USENIX. … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 2018 USENIX Annual  Technical Conference (USENIX ATC ’18). … 2018 USENIX Annual Technical Conference 951 …
{NICA}: An infrastructure for inline acceleration of network applications | H Eran, L Zeno, M Tork, G Malka… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | With rising network rates, cloud vendors increasingly deploy FPGA-based SmartNICs (F-NICs),  leveraging their inline processing capabilities to offload hypervisor networking infrastructure.  However, the use of F-NICs for accelerating general-purpose server applications in …
Experiences in Managing the Performance and Reliability of a {Large-Scale} Genomics Cloud Platform | MH Tong, RL Grossman, HS Gunawi - … Technical Conference (USENIX …, 2021 - usenix.org | We share our technical experiences in improving the performance of long-running jobs on  the Genomic Data Commons (GDC), a large-scale cancer genomics cloud platform. We show  how common bioinformatics workloads can cause VMs to age after several days, causing a …
Coccinelle: 10 years of automated evolution in the Linux kernel | J Lawall, G Muller - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2018 - usenix.org | The Coccinelle C-program matching and transformation tool was first released in 2008 to facilitate  specification and automation in the evolution of Linux kernel code. The novel contribution  of Coccinelle was that it allows software developers to write code manipulation rules in …
libmpk: Software abstraction for intel memory protection keys (intel {MPK}) | S Park, S Lee, W Xu, H Moon, T Kim - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | Intel Memory Protection Keys (MPK) is a new hardware primitive to support thread-local  permission control on groups of pages without requiring modification of page tables. Unfortunately,  its current hardware implementation and software support suffer from security, scalability, …
{EPTI}: Efficient Defence against Meltdown Attack for Unpatched VMs | Z Hua, D Du, Y Xia, H Chen, B Zang - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2018 - usenix.org | The Meltdown vulnerability, which exploits the inherent out-of-order execution in common  processors like x86, ARM and PowerPC, has shown to break the fundamental isolation boundary  between user and kernel space. This has stimulated a non-trivial patch to modern OS to …
Brief Announcement: Design and Verification of a Logless Dynamic Reconfiguration Protocol in MongoDB Replication | W Schultz, S Zhou, S Tripakis - 35th International Symposium on …, 2021 - drops.dagstuhl.de | We introduce a novel dynamic reconfiguration protocol for the MongoDB replication system  that extends and generalizes the single server reconfiguration protocol of the Raft consensus  algorithm. Our protocol decouples the processing of configuration changes from the main …
Hodor: Intra-process isolation for high-throughput data plane libraries | M Hedayati, S Gravani, E Johnson, J Criswell… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | As network, I/O, accelerator, and NVM devices capable of a million operations per second  make their way into data centers, the software stack managing such devices has been  shifting from implementations within the operating system kernel to more specialized kernel-bypass …
Lock-free concurrent level hashing for persistent memory | Z Chen, Y Huang, B Ding, P Zuo - … Technical Conference ({USENIX}{ATC …, 2020 - usenix.org | With high memory density, non-volatility, and DRAM-scale latency, persistent memory (PM)  is promising to improve the storage system performance. Hashing-based index structures  have been widely used in storage systems to provide fast query services. Recent research …
The design and implementation of hyperupcalls | N Amit, M Wei - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2018 - usenix.org | The virtual machine abstraction provides a wide variety of benefits which have undeniably  enabled cloud computing. Virtual machines, however, are a double-edged sword as  hypervisors they run on top of must treat them as a black box, limiting the information which the …
Towards better understanding of black-box auto-tuning: A comparative analysis for storage systems | Z Cao, V Tarasov, S Tiwari, E Zadok - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2018 - usenix.org | Modern computer systems come with a large number of configurable parameters that control  their behavior. Tuning system parameters can provide significant gains in performance but  is challenging because of the immense number of configurations and complex, nonlinear …
Batchcrypt: Efficient homomorphic encryption for cross-silo federated learning | C Zhang, S Li, J Xia, W Wang, F Yan, Y Liu - … {USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2020 - usenix.org | Cross-silo federated learning (FL) enables organizations (eg, financial, or medical) to  collaboratively train a machine learning model by aggregating local gradient updates from  each client without sharing privacy-sensitive data. To ensure no update is revealed during …
FuZZan: Efficient sanitizer metadata design for fuzzing | Y Jeon, WH Han, N Burow, M Payer - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2020 - usenix.org | Fuzzing is one of the most popular and effective techniques for finding software bugs. To detect  triggered bugs, fuzzers leverage a variety of sanitizers in practice. Unfortunately, sanitizers  target long running experiments—eg, developer test suites—not fuzzing, where execution …
Reverse debugging of kernel failures in deployed systems | X Ge, B Niu, W Cui - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX …, 2020 - usenix.org | Post-mortem diagnosis of kernel failures is crucial for operating system vendors because kernel  failures impact the reliability and security of the whole system. However, debugging kernel  failures in deployed systems remains a challenge because developers have to speculate …
Unification of temporary storage in the nodekernel architecture | P Stuedi, A Trivedi, J Pfefferle, A Klimovic… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … paper is included in the Proceedings of the 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference. …  We thank our shepherd, Michael Swift, and the anonymous Usenix ATC reviewers for their …  of the 2017 USENIX Conference on Usenix Annual Technical Conference, USENIX ATC ’17, …
Edgewise: a better stream processing engine for the edge | X Fu, T Ghaffar, JC Davis, D Lee - … Technical Conference ({USENIX}{ATC …, 2019 - usenix.org | Many Internet of Things (IoT) applications would benefit if streams of data could be analyzed  rapidly at the Edge, near the data source. However, existing Stream Processing Engines  (SPEs) are unsuited for the Edge because their designs assume Cloud-class resources and …
{OSCA}: An Online-Model Based Cache Allocation Scheme in Cloud Block Storage Systems | Y Zhang, P Huang, K Zhou, H Wang, J Hu, Y Ji… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | We propose an Online-Model based Scheme for Cache Allocation for shared cache servers  among cloud block storage devices. OSCA can find a near-optimal configuration scheme at  very low complexity improving the overall efficiency of the cache server. OSCA employs three …
R2P2: Making RPCs first-class datacenter citizens | M Kogias, G Prekas, A Ghosn, J Fietz… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Remote Procedure Calls are widely used to connect datacenter applications with strict tail-latency  service level objectives in the scale of μs. Existing solutions utilize streaming or datagram-based  transport protocols for RPCs that impose overheads and limit the design flexibility. …
{SPINFER}: Inferring Semantic Patches for the Linux Kernel | L Serrano, VA Nguyen, F Thung, L Jiang, D Lo… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | In a large software system such as the Linux kernel, there is a continual need for large-scale  changes across many source files, triggered by new needs or refined design decisions. In this  paper, we propose to ease such changes by suggesting transformation rules to developers…
Austere flash caching with deduplication and compression | Q Wang, J Li, W Xia, E Kruus, B Debnath… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Modern storage systems leverage flash caching to boost I/O performance, and enhancing  the space efficiency and endurance of flash caching remains a critical yet challenging issue  in the face of ever-growing data-intensive workloads. Deduplication and compression are …
{INFaaS}: Automated Model-less Inference Serving | F Romero, Q Li, NJ Yadwadkar… - … USENIX Annual Technical …, 2021 - usenix.org | Despite existing work in machine learning inference serving, ease-of-use and cost efficiency  remain challenges at large scales. Developers must manually search through thousands  of model-variants—versions of already-trained models that differ in hardware, resource …
Application memory isolation on ultra-low-power MCUs | T Hardin, R Scott, P Proctor, J Hester, J Sorber… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | The proliferation of applications that handle sensitive user data on wearable platforms  generates a critical need for embedded systems that offer strong security without sacrificing  flexibility and long battery life. To secure sensitive information, such as health data, ultra-low-power …
Morton filters: faster, space-efficient cuckoo filters via biasing, compression, and decoupled logical sparsity | AD Breslow, NS Jayasena - Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Feamster and JC Mogul, editors, Proceedings of the 10th USENIX Symposium on Networked  Systems Design and Implementation, NSDI … In 2017 USENIX Annual Technical Conference,  USENIX ATC 2017, Santa Clara, CA, USA, July 12--14, 2017., pages 553--565. USENIX …
Naos: Serialization-free {RDMA} networking in Java | K Taranov, R Bruno, G Alonso, T Hoefler - … Annual Technical Conference …, 2021 - usenix.org | Managed languages such as Java and Scala do not allow developers to directly access heap  objects. As a result, to send on-heap data over the network, it has to be explicitly converted  to byte streams before sending and converted back to objects after receiving. The technique…
Graphwalker: An i/o-efficient and resource-friendly graph analytic system for fast and scalable random walks | R Wang, Y Li, H Xie, Y Xu, JCS Lui - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2020 - usenix.org | Traditional graph systems mainly use the iteration-based model which iteratively loads graph  blocks into memory for analysis so as to reduce random I/Os. However, this iterationbased  model limits the efficiency and scalability of running random walk, which is a fundamental …
Improving Performance of Flash Based {Key-Value} Stores Using Storage Class Memory as a Volatile Memory Extension | HT Kassa, J Akers, M Ghosh, Z Cao, V Gogte… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | High-performance flash-based key-value stores in data-centers utilize large amounts of DRAM  to cache hot data. However, motivated by the high cost and power consumption of DRAM,  server designs with lower DRAM per compute ratios are becoming popular. These low-cost …
Effectively prefetching remote memory with leap | H Al Maruf, M Chowdhury - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Memory disaggregation over RDMA can improve the performance of memory-constrained  applications by replacing disk swapping with remote memory accesses. However, state-of-the-art  memory disaggregation solutions still use data path components designed for slow disks. …
Octo:{INT8} Training with Loss-aware Compensation and Backward Quantization for Tiny On-device Learning | Q Zhou, S Guo, Z Qu, J Guo, Z Xu, J Zhang… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | On-device learning is an emerging technique to pave the last mile of enabling edge  intelligence, which eliminates the limitations of conventional in-cloud computing where dozens  of computational capacities and memories are needed. A high-performance on-device learning …
Accelerating pagerank using partition-centric processing | K Lakhotia, R Kannan, V Prasanna - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2018 - usenix.org | PageRank is a fundamental link analysis algorithm that also functions as a key representative  of the performance of Sparse Matrix-Vector (SpMV) multiplication. The traditional PageRank  implementation generates fine granularity random memory accesses resulting in large …
The battle of the schedulers: Freebsd {ULE} vs. linux {CFS} | J Bouron, S Chevalley, B Lepers… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … Open access to the Proceedings of the 2018 USENIX Annual Technical Conference is  sponsored by USENIX. … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 2018 USENIX Annual  Technical Conference (USENIX ATC ’18). … 2018 USENIX Annual Technical Conference 85 …
Scaling large production clusters with partitioned synchronization | Y Feng, Z Liu, Y Zhao, T Jin, Y Wu, Y Zhang… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | The scale of computer clusters has grown significantly in recent years. Today, a cluster may  have 100 thousand machines and execute billions of tasks, especially short tasks, each day.  As a result, the scheduler, which manages resource utilization in a cluster, also needs to be …
MDev-NVMe: A NVMe storage virtualization solution with mediated pass-through | B Peng, H Zhang, J Yao, Y Dong, Y Xu… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | The fast access to data and high parallel processing in high-performance computing instigates  an urgent demand on the I/O improvement of the NVMe storage within datacenters. However,  unsatisfactory performance of the former NVMe virtualization demonstrates that NVMe …
A linux kernel implementation of the homa transport protocol | J Ousterhout - … USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC …, 2021 - usenix.org | Homa/Linux is a Linux kernel module that implements the Homa transport protocol.  Measurements of Homa/Linux reconfirm Homa's superior performance compared to TCP and  DCTCP. In a cluster benchmark with 40 nodes, Homa/Linux provided lower latency than both TCP …
Video Analytics with Zero-streaming Cameras | M Xu, T Xu, Y Liu, FX Lin - … Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC …, 2021 - usenix.org | Low-cost cameras enable powerful analytics. An unexploited opportunity is that most captured  videos remain “cold” without being queried. For efficiency, we advocate for these cameras  to be zero streaming: capturing videos to local storage and communicating with the cloud …
{RIFF}: Reduced Instruction Footprint for {Coverage-Guided} Fuzzing | M Wang, J Liang, C Zhou, Y Jiang, R Wang… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | Coverage-guided fuzzers use program coverage measurements to explore different  program paths efficiently. The coverage pipeline consists of runtime collection and post-execution  processing procedures. First, the target program executes instrumentation code to collect …
Log-free concurrent data structures | T David, A Dragojevic, R Guerraoui… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Non-volatile RAM (NVRAM) makes it possible for data structures to tolerate transient failures,  assuming however that programmers have designed these structures such that their  consistency is preserved upon recovery. Previous approaches are typically transactional and …
Analysis of large-scale multi-tenant {GPU} clusters for {DNN} training workloads | M Jeon, S Venkataraman, A Phanishayee… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | With widespread advances in machine learning, a number of large enterprises are beginning  to incorporate machine learning models across a number of products. These models are  typically trained on shared, multi-tenant GPU clusters. Similar to existing cluster computing …
Pisces: A scalable and efficient persistent transactional memory | J Gu, Q Yu, X Wang, Z Wang, B Zang, H Guan… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Persistent transactional memory (PTM) programming model has recently been exploited to  provide crash-consistent transactional interfaces to ease programming atop NVM. However,  existing PTM designs either incur high reader-side overhead due to blocking or long delay in …
Toward lighter containers for the edge | M Park, K Bhardwaj, A Gavrilovska - 3rd {USENIX} Workshop on Hot …, 2020 - usenix.org | Edge computing environments, being resource-limited, cannot tolerate the bloat in size of  edge applications due to use of thick, complex software runtimes and hardware acceleration  support. But such capabilities are critical to support rich, diverse and high performance …
AutoSys: The design and operation of learning-augmented systems | CJM Liang, H Xue, M Yang, L Zhou, L Zhu… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Although machine learning (ML) and deep learning (DL) provide new possibilities into optimizing  system design and performance, taking advantage of this paradigm shift requires more  than implementing existing ML/DL algorithms. This paper reports our years of experience in …
Efficient and stable quorum-based log replication and replay for modern cluster-databases | D Wang, P Cai, W Qian, A Zhou - Frontiers of Computer Science, 2022 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of 2018 USENIX Conference on Usenix Annual Technical Conference. 2018,  795–807 … In: Proceedings of the 11th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design  and Implementation. … In: Proceedings of 2010 USENIX Annual Technical Conference. 2010 …
Graalf: Supporting graphical analysis of audit logs for forensics | O Setayeshfar, C Adkins, M Jones, KH Lee, P Doshi - Software Impacts, 2021 - Elsevier | Abstract System-level logs play a critical role in computer forensics. They capture interactions  between programs and users in detail. However, a typical computer generates more than 2.5  million system events hourly, making finding malicious activities in such logs compute and …
Duphunter: Flexible high-performance deduplication for docker registries | N Zhao, H Albahar, S Abraham, K Chen… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Containers are increasingly used in a broad spectrum of applications from cloud services to  storage to supporting emerging edge computing paradigm. This has led to an explosive  proliferation of container images. The associated storage performance and capacity …
Fine-grained isolation for scalable, dynamic, multi-tenant edge clouds | Y Ren, G Liu, V Nitu, W Shao, R Kennedy… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | 5G edge clouds promise a pervasive computational infrastructure a short network hop away,  enabling a new breed of smart devices that respond in real-time to their physical surroundings.  Unfortunately, today’s operating system designs fail to meet the goals of scalable …
Serverless end game: Disaggregation enabling transparency | P García-López, A Slominski, S Shillaker… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … In 11th USENIX Symposium on Networked Systems Design and Implementation (NSDI 14).  401–414. [12] Peter X Gao, Akshay Narayan, Sagar Karandikar, Joao Carreira, Sangjin Han,  Rachit Agarwal… In 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 19). 767–782. …
Lessons and actions: What we learned from 10k ssd-related storage system failures | E Xu, M Zheng, F Qin, Y Xu, J Wu - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | Modern datacenters increasingly use flash-based solid state drives (SSDs) for high performance  and low energy cost. However, SSD introduces more complex failure modes compared  to traditional hard disk. While great efforts have been made to understand the reliability of …
KylinX: a dynamic library operating system for simplified and efficient cloud virtualization | Y Zhang, J Crowcroft, D Li, C Zhang, H Li… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Unikernel specializes a minimalistic LibOS and a target application into a standalone single-purpose  virtual machine (VM) running on a hypervisor, which is referred to as (virtual) appliance.  Compared to traditional VMs, Unikernel appliances have smaller memory footprint and …
Simd-x: Programming and processing of graph algorithms on gpus | H Liu, HH Huang - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | With high computation power and memory bandwidth, graphics processing units (GPUs) lend  themselves to accelerate data-intensive analytics, especially when such applications fit the  single instruction multiple data (SIMD) model. However, graph algorithms such as breadth-…
Splitkv: Splitting {IO} paths for different sized key-value items with advanced storage devices | S Han, D Jiang, J Xiong - 12th {USENIX} Workshop on Hot Topics in …, 2020 - usenix.org | … In Presented as part of the 2013 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 13),  pages 145–156. … In 2017 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 17),  pages 349–362. USENIX Association, 2017. …
Tributary: spot-dancing for elastic services with latency slos | A Harlap, A Chung, A Tumanov, GR Ganger… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | The Tributary elastic control system embraces the uncertain nature of transient cloud resources,  such as AWS spot instances, to manage elastic services with latency SLOs more robustly  and more cost-effectively. Such resources are available at lower cost, but with the proviso …
Cosmix: A compiler-based system for secure memory instrumentation and execution in enclaves | M Orenbach, Y Michalevsky, C Fetzer… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Hardware secure enclaves are increasingly used to run complex applications. Unfortunately,  existing and emerging enclave architectures do not allow secure and efficient implementation  of custom page fault handlers. This limitation impedes in-enclave use of secure memory-…
Reexamining direct cache access to optimize I/O intensive applications for multi-hundred-gigabit networks | A Farshin, A Roozbeh, GQ Maguire Jr… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Memory access is the major bottleneck in realizing multi-hundred-gigabit networks with  commodity hardware, hence it is essential to make good use of cache memory that is a  faster, but smaller memory closer to the processor. Our goal is to study the impact of cache …
Geriatrix: Aging what you see and what you don't see. A file system aging approach for modern storage systems | S Kadekodi, V Nagarajan, GR Ganger - … Technical Conference ({USENIX …, 2018 - usenix.org | File system performance on modern primary storage devices (Flash-based SSDs) is greatly  affected by aging of the free space, much more so than were mechanical disk drives. We  introduce Geriatrix, a simple-to-use profile driven file system aging tool that induces target levels …
Fast and concurrent {RDF} queries using RDMA-assisted {GPU} graph exploration | S Wang, C Lou, R Chen, H Chen - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2018 - usenix.org | RDF graph has been increasingly used to store and represent information shared over the  Web, including social graphs and knowledge bases. With the increasing scale of RDF graphs  and the concurrency level of SPARQL queries, current RDF systems are confronted with …
Fine-tuning giant neural networks on commodity hardware with automatic pipeline model parallelism | S Eliad, I Hakimi, A De Jagger, M Silberstein… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | Fine-tuning is an increasingly common technique that leverages transfer learning to  dramatically expedite the training of huge, high-quality models. Critically, fine-tuning holds  the potential to make giant state-of-the-art models pre-trained on high-end super-computing-grade …
Closing the performance gap between volatile and persistent key-value stores using cross-referencing logs | Y Huang, M Pavlovic, V Marathe, M Seltzer… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Key-Value (KV) stores are an integral building block in modern datacenter applications. With  byteaddressable persistent memory (PM) technologies, such as Intel/Micron’s 3D XPoint, on  the horizon, there has been an influx of new high performance KV stores that leverage PM …
Libnvmmio: Reconstructing Software {IO} Path with Failure-Atomic Memory-Mapped Interface | J Choi, J Hong, Y Kwon, H Han - … USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2020 - usenix.org | Fast non-volatile memory (NVM) technology changes the landscape of file systems. A series  of research efforts to overcome the traditional file system designs that limit NVM performance.  This research has proposed NVM-optimized file systems to leverage the favorable features …
AutoSSD: an Autonomic {SSD} Architecture | BS Kim, HS Yang, SL Min - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | From small mobile devices to large-scale storage arrays, flash memory-based storage  systems have gained a lot of popularity in recent years. However, the uncoordinated use of  resources by competing tasks in the flash translation layer (FTL) makes it difficult to guarantee …
Secured routines: Language-based construction of trusted execution environments | A Ghosn, JR Larus, E Bugnion - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2019 - usenix.org | Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs), such as Intel SGX’s enclave, use hardware to ensure  the confidentiality and integrity of operations on sensitive data. While the technology is widely  available, the complexity of its programming model and its performance overhead have …
Hashing Linearity Enables Relative Path Control in Data Centers | Z Zhang, H Zheng, J Hu, X Yu, C Qi, X Shi… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | A data center network is an environment with rich path diversity, where a large number of  paths are available between end-host pairs across multiple tiers of switches. Traffic is split  among these paths using ECMP (Equal-Cost Multi-Path routing) for load balancing and failure …
Retwork: Exploring Reader Network with {COTS}{RFID} Systems | J Liu, X Chen, S Chen, W Wang, D Jiang… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Radio frequency identification has been gaining popularity in a variety of applications from  shipping and transportation to retail industry and logistics management. With a limited reader-tag  communication range, multiple readers (or reader antennas) must be used to provide full …
Disaggregating persistent memory and controlling them remotely: An exploration of passive disaggregated key-value stores | SY Tsai, Y Shan, Y Zhang - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Many datacenters and clouds manage storage systems separately from computing services for  better manageability and resource utilization. These existing disaggregated storage systems  use hard disks or SSDs as storage media. Recently, the technology of persistent memory …
Offload annotations: Bringing heterogeneous computing to existing libraries and workloads | G Yuan, S Palkar, D Narayanan… - … USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2020 - usenix.org | As specialized hardware accelerators such as GPUs become increasingly popular, developers  are looking for ways to target these platforms with high-level APIs. One promising approach  is kernel libraries such as PyTorch or cuML, which provide interfaces that mirror CPU-only …
{TIPS}: Making Volatile Index Structures Persistent with {DRAM-NVMM} Tiering | RM Krishnan, WH Kim, X Fu, SK Monga… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | We propose TIPS–a framework to systematically make volatile indexes persistent. TIPS neither  places restrictions on the concurrency model nor requires in-depth knowledge of the volatile  index. TIPS relies on novel DRAM-NVMM tiering to support an index-agnostic conversion…
go-pmem: Native support for programming persistent memory in go | JS George, M Verma, R Venkatasubramanian… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Persistent memory offers persistence and byte-level addressability at DRAM-like speed.  Operating system support and some user-level library support for persistent memory  programming has emerged. But we think lack of native programming language support is an …
Controlling memory footprint of stateful streaming graph processing | P Vaziri, K Vora - … USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC …, 2021 - usenix.org | With growing interest in efficiently analyzing dynamic graphs, streaming graph processing  systems rely on stateful iterative models where they track the intermediate state as execution  progresses in order to incrementally adjust the results upon graph mutation. We observe that …
A comprehensive analysis of superpage management mechanisms and policies | W Zhu, AL Cox, S Rixner - … Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX}{ATC …, 2020 - usenix.org | Superpages (2MB pages) can reduce the address translation overhead for large-memory  workloads in modern computer systems. This paper clearly outlines the sequence of events  in the life of a superpage and explores the design space of when and how to trigger and …
A decentralized blockchain with high throughput and fast confirmation | C Li, P Li, D Zhou, Z Yang, M Wu, G Yang… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | This paper presents Conflux, a scalable and decentralized blockchain system with high  throughput and fast confirmation. Conflux operates with a novel consensus protocol which  optimistically processes concurrent blocks without discarding any as forks and adaptively assigns …
Lightweight preemptible functions | S Boucher, A Kalia, DG Andersen… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Lamenting the lack of a natural userland abstraction for preemptive interruption and  asynchronous cancellation, we propose lightweight preemptible functions, a mechanism for  synchronously performing a function call with a precise timeout that is lightweight, efficient, and …
{GLIST}: Towards {In-Storage} Graph Learning | C Li, Y Wang, C Liu, S Liang, H Li, X Li - … Technical Conference (USENIX …, 2021 - usenix.org | Graph learning is an emerging technique widely used in diverse applications such as  recommender system and medicine design. Real-world graph learning applications typically  operate on large attributed graphs with rich information, which do not fit in the memory. …
Multi-queue fair queuing | M Hedayati, K Shen, ML Scott, M Marty - … } Annual Technical Conference …, 2019 - usenix.org | Modern high-speed devices (eg, network adapters, storage, accelerators) use new host  interfaces, which expose multiple software queues directly to the device. These multi-queue  interfaces allow mutually distrusting applications to access the device without any cross-core …
PostMan: Rapidly mitigating bursty traffic by offloading packet processing | P Jin, J Guo, Y Xiao, R Shi, Y Niu, F Liu… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Unexpected bursty traffic due to certain sudden events, such as news in the spotlight on a  social network or discounted items on sale, can cause severe load imbalance in backend  services. Migrating hot data---the standard approach to achieve load balance---meets a …
Albis: High-performance file format for big data systems | A Trivedi, P Stuedi, J Pfefferle, A Schuepbach… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Over the last decade, a variety of external file formats such as Parquet, ORC, Arrow, etc.,  have been developed to store large volumes of relational data in the cloud. As high-performance  networking and storage devices are used pervasively to process this data in frameworks …
Hetpipe: Enabling large {DNN} training on (whimpy) heterogeneous {GPU} clusters through integration of pipelined model parallelism and data parallelism | JH Park, G Yun, MY Chang, NT Nguyen, S Lee… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Deep Neural Network (DNN) models have continuously been growing in size in order to  improve the accuracy and quality of the models. Moreover, for training of large DNN models,  the use of heterogeneous GPUs is inevitable due to the short release cycle of new GPU …
Accelerating rule-matching systems with learned rankers | ZL Li, CJM Liang, W Bai, Q Zheng, Y Xiong… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Infusing machine learning (ML) and deep learning (DL) into modern systems has driven a  paradigm shift towards learning-augmented system design. This paper proposes the  learned ranker as a system building block, and demonstrates its potential by using rule-matching …
Platinum: A CPU-Efficient Concurrent Garbage Collector for Tail-Reduction of Interactive Services | M Wu, Z Zhao, Y Yang, H Li, H Chen, B Zang… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | The service-oriented architecture decomposes a monolithic service into single-purpose services  for better modularity and reliability. The interactive nature, plus the fact of running inside a  managed runtime, makes garbage collection a key to the reduction of tail latency of such …
Efficient Miss Ratio Curve Computation for Heterogeneous Content Popularity | D Carra, G Neglia - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2020 - usenix.org | The Miss Ratio Curve (MRC) represents a fundamental tool for cache performance profiling.  Approximate methods based on sampling provide a low-complexity solution for MRC  construction. Nevertheless, in this paper we show that, in case of content with a large variance in …
Peeves: Physical event verification in smart homes | S Birnbach, S Eberz, I Martinovic - Proceedings of the 2019 ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | With the rising availability of smart devices (eg, smart thermostats, lights, locks, etc.), they are  increasingly combined into" smart homes". A key component of smart homes are event sensors  that report physical events (such as doors opening or the light turning on) which can be …
SmartDedup: Optimizing deduplication for resource-constrained devices | Q Yang, R Jin, M Zhao - … } Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX}{ATC …, 2019 - usenix.org | Storage on smart devices such as smartphones and the Internet of Things has limited  performance, capacity, and endurance. Deduplication has the potential to address these  limitations by eliminating redundant I/Os and data, but it must be considered under the various …
E3: Energy-efficient microservices on SmartNIC-accelerated servers | M Liu, S Peter, A Krishnamurthy… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | We investigate the use of SmartNIC-accelerated servers to execute microservice-based  applications in the data center. By offloading suitable microservices to the SmartNIC’s low-power  processor, we can improve server energy-efficiency without latency loss. However, as a …
SLAOrchestrator: Reducing the cost of performance SLAs for cloud data analytics | J Ortiz, B Lee, M Balazinska, J Gehrke… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | SLAOrchestrator is a new system designed to reduce the price increases necessary to support  performance SLAs in cloud analytics systems. SLAOrchestrator is designed for SLAs that  guarantee per-query execution times. Its core architecture consists of a double learning loop …
Scaph: Scalable GPU-accelerated graph processing with value-driven differential scheduling | L Zheng, X Li, Y Zheng, Y Huang, X Liao, H Jin… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | We introduce Scaph, a GPU-accelerated graph system that achieves scale-up graph  processing on large-scale graphs that are initially partitioned into subgraphs at the host to  enable iterative graph computations on the sub-graphs on the GPU. For active subgraphs to be …
Fighting the Fog of War: Automated Incident Detection for Cloud Systems | L Li, X Zhang, X Zhao, H Zhang, Y Kang… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | Incidents and outages dramatically degrade the availability of large-scale cloud computing  systems such as AWS, Azure, and GCP. In current incident response practice, each team has  only a partial view of the entire system, which makes the detection of incidents like fighting in …
Pracextractor: Extracting configuration good practices from manuals to detect server misconfigurations | C Xiang, H Huang, A Yoo, Y Zhou… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | … paper is included in the Proceedings of the 2020 USENIX Annual Technical Conference. …  the Proceedings of the 2020 USENIX Annual Technical Conference is sponsored by USENIX.  … In USENIX symposium on internet technologies and systems, volume 67. Seattle, WA, 2003. …
{ICARUS}: Attacking low Earth orbit satellite networks | G Giuliari, T Ciussani, A Perrig, A Singla - … Annual Technical Conference …, 2021 - usenix.org | Internet service based on low Earth orbit satellites is generating immense excitement in the  networking community due to its potential for global low-latency connectivity. Despite the  promise of LEO satellite networks, the security of their operation has so far been largely …
Pre-select static caching and neighborhood ordering for bfs-like algorithms on disk-based graph engines | E Lee, J Kim, K Lim, SH Noh, J Seo - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | Many important graph algorithms are based on the breadth first search (BFS) approach, which  builds itself on recursive vertex traversal. We classify algorithms that share this characteristic  into what we call a BFS-like algorithm. In this work, we first analyze and study the I/O …
Lxds: Towards isolation of kernel subsystems | V Narayanan, A Balasubramanian… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Modern operating systems are monolithic. Today, however, lack of isolation is one of the  main factors undermining security of the kernel. Inherent complexity of the kernel code and  rapid development pace combined with the use of unsafe, low-level programming language …
Evaluating file system reliability on solid state drives | S Jaffer, S Maneas, A Hwang, B Schroeder - … USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2019 - usenix.org | … paper is included in the Proceedings of the 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference. …  the Proceedings of the 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference is sponsored by USENIX.  … We thank our USENIX ATC ’19 reviewers and our shepherd, Theodore Ts’o, for their detailed …
The future of the shell: Unix and beyond | M Greenberg, K Kallas, N Vasilakis - … of the Workshop on Hot Topics in …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In 2020 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 20). USENIX Association,  617–631. https: … In 2012 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 12). 177–182. …
An {Off-The-Chain} Execution Environment for Scalable Testing and Profiling of Smart Contracts | Y Kim, S Jeong, K Jezek, B Burgstaller… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | Smart contracts in Ethereum are executable programs deployed on the blockchain, which  require a client for their execution. When a client executes a smart contract, a world state  containing contract storage and account details is changed in a consistent fashion. Hence, the …
{MigrOS}: Transparent {Live-Migration} Support for Containerised {RDMA} Applications | M Planeta, J Bierbaum, LSD Antony, T Hoefler… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | RDMA networks offload packet processing onto specialised circuitry of the network interface  controllers (NICs) and bypass the OS to improve network latency and bandwidth. As a  consequence, the OS forfeits control over active RDMA connections and loses the possibility to …
Unleashing the power of learning: An enhanced learning-based approach for dynamic binary translation | C Song, W Wang, PC Yew, A Zhai… - … USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2019 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 2019 USENIX Annual Technical  Conference. … In Proceedings of the 2016 USENIX Conference on Usenix Annual Technical  Conference, USENIX ATC ’16, pages 591–603, Berkeley, CA, USA, 2016. USENIX Association. …
KallaxDB: A Table-less Hash-based Key-Value Store on Storage Hardware with Built-in Transparent Compression | X Chen, N Zheng, S Xu, Y Qiao, Y Liu, J Li… - Proceedings of the 17th …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | This paper studies the design of a key-value (KV) store that can take full advantage of modern  storage hardware with built-in transparent compression capability. Many modern storage  appliances/drives implement hardware-based data compression, transparent to OS and …
Hey, Lumi! Using Natural Language for {Intent-Based} Network Management | AS Jacobs, RJ Pfitscher, RH Ribeiro… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | In this work, we ask: what would it take for, say, a campus network operator to tell the network,  using natural language, to" Inspect traffic for the dorm"? How could the network instantly and  correctly translate the request into low-level configuration commands and deploy them in …
A communication-reduced and computation-balanced framework for fast graph computation | Y Cheng, F Wang, H Jiang, Y Hua, D Feng… - Frontiers of Computer …, 2018 - Springer | … Transactions on Computers (TC), IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems  (TPDS), USENIX ATC, USENIX FAST, INFOCOM, SC, ICDCS, ICPP and MASCOTS. He has  been on the … He is a senior member of the IEEE and CCF, and a member of ACM and USENIX. …
{IASO}: a fail-slow detection and mitigation framework for distributed storage services | B Panda, D Srinivasan, H Ke, K Gupta, V Khot… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | We address the problem of “fail-slow” fault, a fault where a hardware or software component  can still function (does not fail-stop) but in much lower performance than expected. To  address this, we built IASO, a peer-based, non-intrusive fail-slow detection framework that has …
Lancet: A self-correcting latency measuring tool | M Kogias, S Mallon, E Bugnion - … USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2019 - usenix.org | We present LANCET, a self-correcting tool designed to measure the open-loop tail latency  of μs-scale datacenter applications with high fan-in connection patterns. LANCET is self-correcting  as it relies on online statistical tests to determine situations in which tail latency cannot …
Extension framework for file systems in user space | A Bijlani, U Ramachandran - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | User file systems offer numerous advantages over their in-kernel implementations, such as  ease of development and better system reliability. However, they incur heavy performance  penalty. We observe that existing user file system frameworks are highly general; they consist …
Hashkv: Enabling efficient updates in {KV} storage via hashing | HHW Chan, CJM Liang, Y Li, W He, PPC Lee… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … USENIX ATC '18 Proceedings The full Proceedings published by USENIX for the conference are  available for download below. Individual papers can also be downloaded from the presentation  page. Copyright to the individual works is retained by the author[s]. … Finally, we describe the …
Palleon: A Runtime System for Efficient Video Processing toward Dynamic Class Skew | B Feng, Y Wang, G Li, Y Xie, Y Ding - … Technical Conference (USENIX …, 2021 - usenix.org | On par with the human classification accuracy, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have  fueled the deployment of many video processing systems on cloud-backed mobile platforms  (eg, cell phones and robotics). Nevertheless, these video processing systems often face a …
Litz: Elastic framework for high-performance distributed machine learning | A Qiao, A Aghayev, W Yu, H Chen, Q Ho… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Machine Learning (ML) is an increasingly popular application in the cloud and data-center,  inspiring new algorithmic and systems techniques that leverage unique properties of ML  applications to improve their distributed performance by orders of magnitude. However, …
When is the cache warm? Manufacturing a rule of thumb | L Zhang, J Yang, A Blasiak, M McCall… - 12th {USENIX} Workshop …, 2020 - usenix.org | … In 2018 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 18), pages 893–907, 2018. …  In Proceedings of the 16th USENIX Symposium on Networked Systems Design and … In  Proceedings of the 2017 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 17), 2017. …
Getting to the root of concurrent binary search tree performance | M Arbel-Raviv, T Brown, A Morrison - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2018 - usenix.org | Many systems rely on optimistic concurrent search trees for multi-core scalability. In principle,  optimistic trees have a simple performance story: searches are read-only and so run in  parallel, with writes to shared memory occurring only when modifying the data structure. …
Fine-grained consistency for geo-replicated systems | C Li, N Preguiça, R Rodrigues - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2018 - usenix.org | To deliver fast responses to users worldwide, major Internet providers rely on geo-replication  to serve requests at data centers close to users. This deployment leads to a fundamental  tension between improving system performance and reducing costly cross-site coordination for …
Fasttrack: Foreground app-aware i/o management for improving user experience of android smartphones | SS Hahn, S Lee, I Yee, D Ryu, J Kim - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2018 - usenix.org | The quality of user experience on a smartphone is directly affected by how fast a foreground  app reacts to user inputs. Although existing Android smartphones properly differentiate a  foreground app from background apps for most system activities, one major exception is the I/O …
OneOS: a distributed operating system for the internet of things | K Jung - Proceedings of the 22nd International Middleware …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Existing Internet of Things (IoT) platforms introduce various framework-specific APIs for  building user applications, which causes technology fragmentation within the IoT ecosystem  and incur engineering costs. I seek to adopt standard POSIX APIs in an IoT platform, to provide …
sRDMA--Efficient NIC-based Authentication and Encryption for Remote Direct Memory Access | K Taranov, B Rothenberger, A Perrig… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | State-of-the-art remote direct memory access (RDMA) technologies have shown to be vulnerable  against attacks by in-network adversaries, as they provide only a weak form of protection  by including access tokens in each message. A network eavesdropper can easily obtain …
{PARTISAN}: Scaling the Distributed Actor Runtime | CS Meiklejohn, H Miller, P Alvaro - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | We present the design of an alternative runtime system for improved scalability and reduced  latency in actor applications called PARTISAN. PARTISAN provides higher scalability by  allowing the application developer to specify the network overlay used at runtime without …
Tersecades: Efficient data compression in stream processing | G Pekhimenko, C Guo, M Jeon, P Huang… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | This work is the first systematic investigation of stream processing with data compression: we  have not only identified a set of factors that influence the benefits and overheads of compression,  but have also demonstrated that compression can be effective for stream processing, …
{INSIDER}: Designing in-storage computing system for emerging high-performance drive | Z Ruan, T He, J Cong - … } Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX}{ATC} …, 2019 - usenix.org | We present INSIDER, a full-stack redesigned storage system to help users fully utilize the  performance of emerging storage drives with moderate programming efforts. On the  hardware side, INSIDER introduces an FPGA-based reconfigurable drive controller as the in-storage …
Secure and efficient in-process monitor (and library) protection with intel mpk | X Wang, SM Yeoh, P Olivier, B Ravindran - Proceedings of the 13th …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | The process reference monitor is a common technique to enforce security policies for  application execution. Reference monitors can be used to detect attacks, enforce access control,  check program integrity and even transform program state. Deciding where the monitor resides …
Live in the Express Lane | P Jahnke, V Riesop, PL Roman, P Chuprikov… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | We introduce Express-Lane (X-Lane), a novel system for mitigating interference in data  center infrastructure to improve the liveness of coordination services. X-Lane follows a  novel design from the ground up to achieve interactions with ultra-low latency in the single-digit …
Twizzler: a Data-Centric {OS} for Non-Volatile Memory | D Bittman, P Alvaro, P Mehra, DDE Long… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Byte-addressable, non-volatile memory (NVM) presents an opportunity to rethink the entire  system stack. We present Twizzler, an operating system redesign for this near-future. Twizzler  removes the kernel from the I/O path, provides programs with memory-style access to …
Maxwell: a hardware and software highly integrated compute-storage system | W Zhou, S Yao, H Huang, Y Xie, H Liu, C He - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2021 - arxiv.org | The compute-storage framework is responsible for data storage and processing, and acts as  the digital chassis of all upper-level businesses. The performance of the framework affects  the business's processing throughput, latency, jitter, and etc., and also determines the …
Effective static analysis of concurrency use-after-free bugs in Linux device drivers | JJ Bai, J Lawall, QL Chen, SM Hu - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | In Linux device drivers, use-after-free (UAF) bugs can cause system crashes and serious  security problems. According to our study of Linux kernel commits, 42% of the driver commits  fixing use-after-free bugs involve driver concurrency. We refer to these use-after-free bugs as …
Toward coordination-free and reconfigurable mixed concurrency control | D Tang, AJ Elmore - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX …, 2018 - usenix.org | Recent studies show that mixing concurrency control protocols within a single database can  significantly outperform a single protocol. However, prior projects to mix concurrency control  either are limited to specific pairs of protocols (eg mixing two-phase locking (2PL) and …
Cgraph: A correlations-aware approach for efficient concurrent iterative graph processing | Y Zhang, X Liao, H Jin, L Gu, L He, B He… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | With the fast growing of iterative graph analysis applications, the graph processing platform  have to efficiently handle massive Concurrent iterative Graph Processing (CGP) jobs. Although  it has been extensively studied to optimize the execution of a single job, existing solutions …
The Neverending Story: Memory Corruption 30 Years Later | O Llorente-Vazquez, I Santos, I Pastor-Lopez… - … Intelligence in Security …, 2021 - Springer | Memory errors have been present in software for more than three decades now, leading to  numerous security issues. Low-level languages like C and C++ that are prone to this class  of errors are in widespread use, meaning that a large number of current systems are …
{DADI}: Block-Level Image Service for Agile and Elastic Application Deployment | H Li, Y Yuan, R Du, K Ma, L Liu, W Hsu - … } Annual Technical Conference …, 2020 - usenix.org | Businesses increasingly need agile and elastic computing infrastructure to respond quickly  to real world situations. By offering efficient process-based virtualization and a layered  image system, containers are designed to enable agile and elastic application deployment. …
Low-latency job scheduling with preemption for the development of deep learning | H Yabuuchi, D Taniwaki, S Omura - … USENIX} Conference on Operational …, 2019 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 2019 USENIX Conference on Operational  … of the 2019 USENIX Conference on Operational Machine Learning is sponsored by USENIX.  … In Proceedings of 2015 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 15), pages …
Expanding cost-aware function execution with multidimensional notions of cost | M Baughman, R Kumar, I Foster, K Chard - … of the 1st Workshop on High …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Recent advances in networking technology and serverless architectures have enabled  automated distribution of compute workloads at the function level. As heterogeneity and physical  distribution of computing resources increase, so too does the need to effectively use those …
Cognitive {SSD}: A Deep Learning Engine for In-Storage Data Retrieval | S Liang, Y Wang, Y Lu, Z Yang, H Li, X Li - … {USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2019 - usenix.org | Data analysis and retrieval is a widely-used component in existing artificial intelligence systems.  However, each request has to go through each layer across the I/O stack, which moves  tremendous irrelevant data between secondary storage, DRAM, and the on-chip cache. This …
HDDse: Enabling High-Dimensional Disk State Embedding for Generic Failure Detection System of Heterogeneous Disks in Large Data Centers | J Zhang, P Huang, K Zhou, M Xie… - … USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2020 - usenix.org | The reliability of a storage system is crucial in large data centers. Hard disks are widely used  as primary storage devices in modern data centers, where disk failures constantly happen.  Disk failures could lead to a serious system interrupt or even permanent data loss. Many hard …
Peeking behind the curtains of serverless platforms | L Wang, M Li, Y Zhang, T Ristenpart… - … USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2018 - usenix.org | Serverless computing is an emerging paradigm in which an application's resource provisioning  and scaling are managed by third-party services. Examples include AWS Lambda, Azure  Functions, and Google Cloud Functions. Behind these services' easy-to-use APIs are …
Detecting asymmetric application-layer denial-of-service attacks in-flight with finelame | HM Demoulin, I Pedisich, N Vasilakis, V Liu… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Denial of service (DoS) attacks increasingly exploit algorithmic, semantic, or implementation  characteristics dormant in victim applications, often with minimal attacker resources. Practical  and efficient detection of these asymmetric DoS attacks requires us to (i) catch offending …
Alleviating garbage collection interference through spatial separation in all flash arrays | J Kim, K Lim, Y Jung, S Lee, C Min… - … USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2019 - usenix.org | We present SWAN, a novel All Flash Array (AFA) management scheme. Recent flash SSDs  provide high I/O bandwidth (eg, 3-10GB/s) so the storage bandwidth can easily surpass the  network bandwidth by aggregating a few SSDs. However, it is still challenging to unlock the …
Harmonizing performance and isolation in microkernels with efficient intra-kernel isolation and communication | J Gu, X Wu, W Li, N Liu, Z Mi, Y Xia… - … USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2020 - usenix.org | This paper presents UnderBridge, a redesign of traditional microkernel OSes to harmonize the  tension between messaging performance and isolation. UnderBridge moves the OS  components of a microkernel between user space and kernel space at runtime while enforcing …
Fine-grained control of concurrency within KV-SSDs | J Bhimani, J Yang, N Mi, C Choi, M Saha… - Proceedings of the 14th …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | The development of KV-SSDs allows simplifying the I/O stack compared to the traditional  block-based SSDs. We propose a novel Key-Value-based Storage infrastructure for Parallel  Computing (KV-SiPC)-a framework for multi-thread OpenMP applications to use NVMe-based …
AsyMo: scalable and efficient deep-learning inference on asymmetric mobile CPUs | M Wang, S Ding, T Cao, Y Liu, F Xu - Proceedings of the 27th Annual …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | On-device deep learning (DL) inference has attracted vast interest. Mobile CPUs are the most  common hardware for on-device inference and many inference frameworks have been  developed for them. Yet, due to the hardware complexity, DL inference on mobile CPUs suffers …
Finesse: Fine-grained feature locality based fast resemblance detection for post-deduplication delta compression | Y Zhang, W Xia, D Feng, H Jiang, Y Hua… - 17th {USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | In storage systems, delta compression is often used as a complementary data reduction  technique for data deduplication because it is able to eliminate redundancy among the non-duplicate  but highly similar chunks. Currently, what we call'N-transform Super-Feature'(N-…
{ALERT}: Accurate Learning for Energy and Timeliness | C Wan, M Santriaji, E Rogers, H Hoffmann… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | An increasing number of software applications incorporate runtime Deep Neural Networks (DNNs)  to process sensor data and return inference results to humans. Effective deployment of  DNNs in these interactive scenarios requires meeting latency and accuracy constraints …
Placement of Virtual Containers on {NUMA} systems: A Practical and Comprehensive Model | J Funston, M Lorrillere, A Fedorova, B Lepers… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Our work addresses the problem of placement of threads, or virtual cores, onto physical cores  in a multicore NUMA system. Different placements result in varying degrees of contention for  shared resources, so choosing the right placement can have a large effect on performance…
Cavs: An efficient runtime system for dynamic neural networks | S Xu, H Zhang, G Neubig, W Dai, JK Kim… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Recent deep learning (DL) models are moving more and more to dynamic neural network (NN)  architectures, where the NN structure changes for every data sample. However, existing DL  programming models are inefficient in handling dynamic network architectures because of…
{Prediction-Based} Power Oversubscription in Cloud Platforms | AG Kumbhare, R Azimi, I Manousakis… - … Technical Conference  …, 2021 - usenix.org | Prior work has used power capping to shave rare power peaks and add more servers to a  datacenter, thereby oversubscribing its resources and lowering capital costs. This works well  when the workloads and their server placements are known. Unfortunately, these factors are …
Benchmarking in the dark: On the absence of comprehensive edge datasets | O Kolosov, G Yadgar, S Maheshwari… - 3rd {USENIX} Workshop …, 2020 - usenix.org | Application workloads are used for system analysis, design, optimization, and evaluation. As  systems and their applications evolve, new workloads are required to reflect their characteristics  and bottlenecks. Edge-computing systems are a new model with unique characteristics, …
Zanzibar: Google's consistent, global authorization system | R Pang, R Cáceres, M Burrows, Z Chen… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Determining whether online users are authorized to access digital objects is central to preserving  privacy. This paper presents the design, implementation, and deployment of Zanzibar, a  global system for storing and evaluating access control lists. Zanzibar provides a uniform …
Dayu: Fast and low-interference data recovery in very-large storage systems | Z Wang, G Zhang, Y Wang, Q Yang, J Zhu - … {USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2019 - usenix.org | This paper investigates I/O and failure traces from a realworld large-scale storage system: it  finds that because of the scale of the system and because of the imbalanced and dynamic  foreground traffic, no existing recovery protocol can compute a high-quality re-replicating …
Adaptive placement for in-memory storage functions | A Bhardwaj, C Kulkarni, R Stutsman - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2020 - usenix.org | Fast networks and the desire for high resource utilization in data centers and the cloud have  driven disaggregation. Application compute is separated from storage, but this leads to high  overheads when data must move over the network for simple operations on it. Alternatively, …
Securing {RDMA} for High-Performance Datacenter Storage Systems | AK Simpson, A Szekeres, J Nelson… - … {USENIX} Workshop on Hot …, 2020 - usenix.org | RDMA is increasingly popular for low-latency communication in datacenters, marking a  major change in how we build distributed systems. Unfortunately, as we pursue significant  system re-designs inspired by new technology, we have not given equal thought to the …
coIOMMU: A Virtual {IOMMU} with Cooperative {DMA} Buffer Tracking for Efficient Memory Management in Direct I/O | K Tian, Y Zhang, L Kang, Y Zhao, Y Dong - … {USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2020 - usenix.org | Direct assignment of I/O devices (Direct I/O) is the best performant I/O virtualization method.  However, it requires the hypervisor to statically pin the entire guest memory, thereby hindering  the efficiency of memory management. This problem can be fixed by presenting a virtual …
DL Inference and Training Optimization Towards Speed and Scale | M Zhang - Companion Proceedings of the Web Conference 2021, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In particular, he focuses on building ultra fast and high throughput DL inference acceleration  libraries (USENIX ATC’18, OpML’19), automated DL compilation (… In 2019 USENIX Conference  on Operational Machine Learning, OpML 2019, Santa Clara, CA, USA, May 20, 2019. …
{BASTION}: A Security Enforcement Network Stack for Container Networks | J Nam, S Lee, H Seo, P Porras… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | In this work, we conduct a security analysis of container networks, identifying a number of  concerns that arise from the exposure of unnecessary network operations by containerized  applications and discuss their implications. We then present a new high-performance security …
StreamBox-TZ: secure stream analytics at the edge with TrustZone | H Park, S Zhai, L Lu, FX Lin - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | While it is compelling to process large streams of IoT data on the cloud edge, doing so  exposes the data to a sophisticated, vulnerable software stack on the edge and hence security  threats. To this end, we advocate isolating the data and its computations in a trusted execution …
Troubleshooting transiently-recurring errors in production systems with blame-proportional logging | L Luo, S Nath, LR Sivalingam, M Musuvathi… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Many problems in production systems are transiently recurring—they occur rarely, but when  they do, they recur for a short period of time. Troubleshooting these problems is hard as they  are rare enough to be missed by sampling techniques and traditional postmortem analyses …
gGuard: Enabling Leakage-Resilient Memory Isolation in GPU-accelerated Autonomous Embedded Systems | Y Yadlapalli, H Zhou, Y Zhang… - 2021 58th ACM/IEEE …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … in 2014 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 14), 2014, pp. 109–120. [30]  K. … Cowperthwaite, “A full gpu virtualization solution with mediated pass-through,” in 2014  USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 14), 2014, pp. 121–132. [31] C. …
RIPT--An Efficient Multi-Core Record-Replay System | J Liang, G Li, C Zhang, M Yuan, X Chen… - Proceedings of the 2020 …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 2017 USENIX Conference on Usenix Annual Technical Conference  (Santa Clara, CA, USA) (… In 2016 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 16).  USENIX Association, Denver, CO, 551–564. [9] Michael Sutton, Adam Greene, and Pedram …
Transactuations: where transactions meet the physical world | A Sengupta, T Leesatapornwongsa… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | A large class of IoT applications read sensors, execute application logic, and actuate  actuators. However, the lack of high-level programming abstractions compromises correctness  especially in presence of failures and unwanted interleaving between applications. A key …
{RAFI}: Risk-Aware Failure Identification to Improve the {RAS} in Erasure-coded Data Centers | J Fang, S Wan, X He - … USENIX} Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX …, 2018 - usenix.org | Data reliability and availability, and serviceability (RAS) of erasure-coded data centers are  highly affected by data repair induced by node failures. Compared to the recovery phase of  the data repair, which is widely studied and well optimized, the failure identification phase of …
Fewer Cores, More Hertz: Leveraging High-Frequency Cores in the {OS} Scheduler for Improved Application Performance | R Gouicem, D Carver, JP Lozi, J Sopena… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | In modern server CPUs, individual cores can run at different frequencies, which allows for  fine-grained control of the performance/energy tradeoff. Adjusting the frequency, however,  incurs a high latency. We find that this can lead to a problem of frequency inversion, whereby the …
PinK: High-speed in-storage key-value store with bounded tails | J Im, J Bae, C Chung, S Lee - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2020 - usenix.org | Key-value store based on a log-structured merge-tree (LSM-tree) is preferable to hash-based  KV store because an LSM-tree can support a wider variety of operations and show better  performance, especially for writes. However, LSM-tree is difficult to implement in the resource …
{GAIA}: An {OS} page cache for heterogeneous systems | T Brokhman, P Lifshits, M Silberstein - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | We propose a principled approach to integrating GPU memory with an OS page cache. We  design GAIA, a weakly-consistent page cache that spans CPU and GPU memories. GAIA  enables the standard mmap system call to map files into the GPU address space, thereby …
Can't we all get along? redesigning protection storage for modern workloads | Y Allu, F Douglis, M Kamat, R Prabhakar… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Deduplication systems for traditional backups have optimized for large sequential writes and  reads. Over time, new applications have resulted in nonsequential accesses, patterns  reminiscent of primary storage systems. The Data Domain File System (\ddfs) needs to evolve to …
Who's afraid of uncorrectable bit errors? online recovery of flash errors with distributed redundancy | A Tai, A Kryczka, SO Kanaujia, K Jamieson… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Due to its high performance and decreasing cost per bit, flash storage is the main storage  medium in datacenters for hot data. However, flash endurance is a perpetual problem, and due  to technology trends, subsequent generations of flash devices exhibit progressively shorter …
{SOPHIA}: Online reconfiguration of clustered nosql databases for time-varying workloads | A Mahgoub, P Wood, A Medoff, S Mitra… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Reconfiguring NoSQL databases under changing workload patterns is crucial for maximizing  database throughput. This is challenging because of the large configuration parameter  search space with complex interdependencies among the parameters. While state-of-the-art …
Characterizing co-located datacenter workloads: An alibaba case study | Y Cheng, Z Chai, A Anwar - Proceedings of the 9th Asia-Pacific …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | To improve resource utilization and thereby reduce costs, leading cloud infrastructure operators  such as Google and Alibaba co-locate transient batch jobs with long-running, latency-sensitive  jobs [9, 18] on the same cluster. Workload co-location resembles hypervisorbased …
Effectively mitigating I/O inactivity in vCPU scheduling | W Jia, C Wang, X Chen, J Shan, X Shang… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | In clouds where CPU cores are time-shared by virtual CPUs (vCPU), vCPUs are scheduled  and descheduled by the virtual machine monitor (VMM) periodically. In each virtual machine  (VM), when its vCPUs running I/O bound tasks are descheduled, no I/O requests can be …
{SONIC}: Application-aware Data Passing for Chained Serverless Applications | A Mahgoub, L Wang, K Shankar, Y Zhang… - … Technical Conference …, 2021 - s.usenix.org | The conference papers and full proceedings are available to registered attendees now and  will be available to everyone beginning Wednesday, July 14, 2021. Paper abstracts and  proceedings front matter are available to everyone now. Copyright to the individual works is …
The {CASE} of {FEMU}: Cheap, accurate, scalable and extensible flash emulator | H Li, M Hao, MH Tong, S Sundararaman… - 16th {USENIX} …, 2018 - usenix.org | We present FEMU, a QEMU-based flash emulator for fostering future full-stack software/hardware  SSD research, with the following four" CASE" benefits. FEMU is cheap ($0) as it will be an  open-sourced software; FEMU is relatively accurate, with only 0.5-38% variance from …
Scaling Guest {OS} Critical Sections with eCS | S Kashyap, C Min, T Kim - … Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX}{ATC …, 2018 - usenix.org | Multi-core virtual machines (VMs) are now a norm in data center environments. However,  one of the well-known problems that VMs suffer from is the vCPU scheduling problem that  causes poor scalability behaviors. More specifically, the symptoms of this problem appear as …
Understanding Precision Time Protocol in Today's {Wi-Fi} Networks: A Measurement Study | P Chen, Z Yang - … USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC …, 2021 - usenix.org | Emerging mobile applications involving distributed control and sensing call for accurate time  synchronization over wireless links. This paper systematically studies the performance of  Precision Time Protocol (PTP) in today's Wi-Fi networks. We investigate both software and …
Fault tolerance in iterative-convergent machine learning | A Qiao, B Aragam, B Zhang… - … Conference on Machine …, 2019 - proceedings.mlr.press | … In Proceedings of the 2014 USENIX Conference on USENIX Annual Technical Conference,  USENIX ATC’14, pp. 37–48, Berkeley, CA, … In Proceedings of the 2017 USENIX Conference  on Usenix Annual Technical Conference, USENIX ATC ’17, pp. 181–193, Berkeley, CA, USA…
vSMT-IO: Improving I/O Performance and Efficiency on {SMT} Processors in Virtualized Clouds | W Jia, J Shan, TO Li, X Shang, H Cui… - … USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2020 - usenix.org | The paper focuses on an under-studied yet fundamental issue on Simultaneous Multi-Threading  (SMT) processors—how to schedule I/O workloads, so as to improve I/O performance and  efficiency. The paper shows that existing techniques used by CPU schedulers to improve I/…
Iso-UniK: lightweight multi-process unikernel through memory protection keys | G Li, D Du, Y Xia - Cybersecurity, 2020 - cybersecurity.springeropen.com | Unikernel, specializing a minimalistic libOS with an application, is an attractive design for  cloud computing. However, the Achilles’ heel of unikernel is the lack of multi-process support,  which makes it less flexible and applicable. Many applications rely on the process abstraction …
Track-based translation layers for interlaced magnetic recording | MH Hajkazemi, AN Kulkarni, P Desnoyers… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Interlaced magnetic recording (IMR) is a state-of-the-art recording technology for hard drives  that makes use of heat-assisted magnetic recording (HAMR) and track overlap to offer higher  capacity than conventional and shingled magnetic recording (CMR and SMR). It carries a …
Edge-based transcoding for adaptive live video streaming | P Dogga, S Chakraborty, S Mitra… - … {USENIX} Workshop on Hot …, 2019 - usenix.org | … In Proceedings of the 14th USENIX Conference on Networked Systems Design and Implementation,  NSDI’17, pages 363–376. … USENIX Conference on Usenix Annual Technical Conference,  USENIX ATC ’16, pages 407–419, Berkeley, CA, USA, 2016. USENIX Association. …
A data-driven approach to increasing the lifetime of IoT sensor nodes | S Suryavansh, A Benna, C Guest, S Chaterji - Scientific reports, 2021 - nature.com | Data transmission accounts for significant energy consumption in wireless sensor networks  where streaming data is generated by the sensors. This impedes their use in many settings,  including livestock monitoring over large pastures (which forms our target application). We …
Cirrus: A serverless framework for end-to-end ml workflows | J Carreira, P Fonseca, A Tumanov, A Zhang… - Proceedings of the ACM …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | ABSTRACT Machine learning (ML) workflows are extremely complex. The typical workflow  consists of distinct stages of user interaction, such as preprocessing, training, and tuning,  that are repeatedly executed by users but have heterogeneous computational requirements. …
Cross-dataset time series anomaly detection for cloud systems | X Zhang, J Kim, Q Lin, K Lim, SO Kanaujia… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | … The full Proceedings published by USENIX for the conference are available for download  below. Individual papers can also be downloaded from the presentation page. Copyright to  the individual works is retained by the author[s]. … Get a sneak peek of the USENIX ATC '19 …
{OPTR}: Order-Preserving Translation and Recovery Design for SSDs with a Standard Block Device Interface | YS Chang, RS Liu - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | Consumer-grade solid-state drives (SSDs) guarantee very few things upon a crash. Lacking a  strong disk-level crash guarantee forces programmers to equip applications and filesystems  with safety nets using redundant writes and flushes, which in turn degrade the overall …
Solar: towards a shared-everything database on distributed log-structured storage | T Zhu, Z Zhao, F Li, W Qian, A Zhou, D Xie… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 2018 USENIX Annual Technical  Conference (USENIX ATC ’18). … The authors greatly appreciate the valueable feedback  provided by USENIX ATC reviewers. USENIX Association …
On the Impact of Isolation Costs on Locality-aware Cloud Scheduling | A Bhardwaj, M Gupta, R Stutsman - 12th {USENIX} Workshop on Hot …, 2020 - usenix.org | … In 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference, USENIX ATC 2019, Renton, WA, USA, July  10-12, 2019, pages 489–504. USENIX … In Dahlia Malkhi and Dan Tsafrir, editors, 2019  USENIX Annual Technical Conference, USENIX ATC 2019, Renton, WA, USA, July 10-12, 2019, …
BRAVO—Biased Locking for Reader-Writer Locks | D Dice, A Kogan - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | Designers of modern reader-writer locks confront a difficult trade-off related to reader scalability.  Locks that have a compact memory representation for active readers will typically suffer  under high intensity read-dominated workloads when the" reader indicator" state is updated …
Siphon: Expediting inter-datacenter coflows in wide-area data analytics | S Liu, L Chen, B Li - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2018 - usenix.org | It is increasingly common that large volumes of production data originate from  geographically distributed datacenters. Processing such datasets with existing data parallel  frameworks may suffer from significant slowdowns due to the much lower availability of inter-datacenter …
PAM: an efficient power-aware multilevel cache policy to reduce energy consumption of storage systems | X Meng, C Wu, M Guo, L Zheng, J Zhang - Frontiers of Computer Science, 2019 - Springer | Energy consumption is one of the most significant aspects of large-scale storage systems  where multilevel caches are widely used. In a typical hierarchical storage structure, upper-level  storage serves as a cache for the lower level, forming a distributed multilevel cache system. …
{MTS}: Bringing Multi-Tenancy to Virtual Networking | K Thimmaraju, S Hermak, G Rétvári… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Multi-tenant cloud computing provides great benefits in terms of resource sharing, elastic  pricing, and scalability, however, it also changes the security landscape and introduces the  need for strong isolation between the tenants, also inside the network. This paper is motivated …
Touchstone: generating enormous query-aware test databases | Y Li, R Zhang, X Yang, Z Zhang, A Zhou - … } Annual Technical Conference …, 2018 - usenix.org | Query-aware synthetic data generation is an essential and highly challenging task, important  for database management system (DBMS) testing, database application testing and  application-driven benchmarking. Prior studies on query-aware data generation suffer common …
Evaluation of Continuous Power-Down Schemes | J Andro-Vasko, W Bein - Information, 2022 - mdpi.com | We consider a power-down system with two states—“on” and “off”—and a continuous set of  power states. The system has to respond to requests for service in the “on” state and, after  service, the system can power off or switch to any of the intermediate power-saving states. The …
" Learned" Operating Systems | Y Zhang, Y Huang - ACM SIGOPS Operating Systems Review, 2019 - dl.acm.org | With operating systems being at the core of computer systems, decades of research and  engineering efforts have been put into the development of OSes. To keep pace with the speed  of modern hardware and application evolvement, we argue that a different approach should …
{PERCIVAL}: Making in-browser perceptual ad blocking practical with deep learning | Z Abi Din, P Tigas, ST King, B Livshits - … Technical Conference ({USENIX …, 2020 - usenix.org | In this paper we present PERCIVAL, a browser-embedded, lightweight, deep learning-powered  ad blocker. PERCIVAL embeds itself within the browser’s image rendering pipeline, which  makes it possible to intercept every image obtained during page execution and to perform …
Can Applications Recover from fsync Failures? | A Rebello, Y Patel, R Alagappan… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | We analyze how file systems and modern data-intensive applications react to fsync failures.  First, we characterize how three Linux file systems (ext4, XFS, Btrfs) behave in the presence  of failures. We find commonalities across file systems (pages are always marked clean, …
Data Domain Cloud Tier: Backup here, backup there, deduplicated everywhere! | A Duggal, F Jenkins, P Shilane… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Data Domain has added a cloud tier capability to its onpremises storage appliance, allowing  clients to achieve the cost benefits of deduplication in the cloud. While there were many  architectural changes necessary to support a cloud tier in a mature storage product, in this paper…
Stratus: Clouds with microarchitectural resource management | K Razavi, A Trivedi - 12th {USENIX} Workshop on Hot Topics in Cloud …, 2020 - usenix.org | … In Proceedings of the 2017 USENIX Conference on Usenix Annual Technical Conference,  USENIX ATC ’17, pages 27–39, Santa Clara, CA, USA, 2017. … In 2019 USENIX Annual  Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 19), pages 475–488, Renton, WA, 2019. …
A survey of operating system support for persistent memory | M Cai, H Huang - Frontiers of Computer Science, 2021 - Springer | … In: Proceedings of USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies. 2016, 323–338 …  In: Proceedings of USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation.  2016, 653–669 … In: Proceedings of USENIX Annual Technical Conference. 2017, 703–717 …
Bandana: Using non-volatile memory for storing deep learning models | A Eisenman, M Naumov, D Gardner… - Proceedings of …, 2019 - proceedings.mlsys.org | Typical large-scale recommender systems use deep learning models that are stored on a  large amount of DRAM. These models often rely on embeddings, which consume most of the  required memory. We present Bandana, a storage system that reduces the DRAM footprint of …
ViperProbe: Rethinking Microservice Observability with eBPF | J Levin, TA Benson - 2020 IEEE 9th International Conference …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Recent shifts to microservice-based architectures and the supporting servicemesh radically  disrupt the landscape of performance-oriented management tasks. While the adoption of  frameworks like Istio and Kubernetes ease the management and organization of such systems, …
Mitigating asymmetric read and write costs in cuckoo hashing for storage systems | Y Sun, Y Hua, Z Chen, Y Guo - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2019 - usenix.org | In storage systems, cuckoo hash tables have been widely used to support fast query services.  For a read, the cuckoo hashing delivers real-time access with $ O (1) $ lookup complexity  via open-addressing approach. For a write, most concurrent cuckoo hash tables fail to …
Locality-aware software throttling for sparse matrix operation on GPUs | Y Chen, AB Hayes, C Zhang, T Salmon… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | This paper tackles the cache thrashing problem caused by the non-deterministic scheduling  feature of bulk synchronous parallel (BSP) execution in GPUs. In the BSP model, threads can  be executed and interleaved in any order before reaching a barrier synchronization point, …
SpanDB: A Fast, Cost-Effective LSM-tree Based {KV} Store on Hybrid Storage | H Chen, C Ruan, C Li, X Ma, Y Xu - 19th {USENIX} Conference on File …, 2021 - usenix.org | … In 2017 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 17), 2017. … In 2013  USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 13), June 2013. … In 2020 USENIX  Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 20), July 2020. …
Characterization and prediction of performance interference on mediated passthrough GPUs for interference-aware scheduler | X Xu, N Zhang, M Cui, M He, R Surana - … {USENIX} Workshop on Hot …, 2019 - usenix.org | Sharing GPUs in the cloud is cost effective and can facilitate the adoption of hardware  accelerator enabled cloud. Butsharing causes interference between co-located VMs andleads  to performance degradation. In this paper, we proposedan interference-aware VM scheduler at …
Trusted Execution for High-Performance Computing | A Akram - Eurosys Doctoral Workshop, 2021 - ayazakram.com | High-performance computing (HPC) is moving away from traditional simulation and modeling  to large-scale computational problems involving large datasets. Sometimes this data can  be sensitive, provided by third parties to HPC centers or individual researchers, and raises …
Towards Next-Generation Cybersecurity with Graph AI | B Bowman, HH Huang - ACM SIGOPS Operating Systems Review, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Cybersecurity professionals are inundated with large amounts of data, and require intelligent  algorithms capable of distinguishing vulnerable from patched, normal from anomalous,  and malicious from benign. Unfortunately, not all machine learning (ML) and artificial …
Coalescent Computing | KC Hale - arXiv preprint arXiv:2104.07122, 2021 - arxiv.org | … In Proceedings of the 12th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies, FAST  ’14, Santa Clara, CA, February 2014. … In Proceedings of the 2019 USENIX Annual Technical  Conference, USENIX ATC ’19, pages 603–616, Renton, WA, July 2019. USENIX Association. …
Tangram: bridging immutable and mutable abstractions for distributed data analytics | Y Huang, X Yan, G Jiang, T Jin, J Cheng, A Xu… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Data analytics frameworks that adopt immutable data abstraction usually provide better support  for failure recovery and straggler mitigation, while those that adopt mutable data abstraction  are more efficient for iterative workloads thanks to their support for in-place state updates …
Argus: Debugging Performance Issues in Modern Desktop Applications with Annotated Causal Tracing | L Weng, P Huang, J Nieh, J Yang - … Technical Conference (USENIX ATC …, 2021 - usenix.org | Modern desktop applications involve many asynchronous, concurrent interactions that make  performance issues difficult to diagnose. Although prior work has used causal tracing for  debugging performance issues in distributed systems, we find that these techniques suffer from …
M³x: Autonomous accelerators via context-enabled fast-path communication | N Asmussen, M Roitzsch, H Härtig - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | Performance and efficiency requirements are driving a trend towards specialized accelerators  in both datacenters and embedded devices. In order to cut down communication overheads,  system components are pinned to cores and fast-path communication between them is …
{DSAC}: Effective Static Analysis of Sleep-in-Atomic-Context Bugs in Kernel Modules | JJ Bai, YP Wang, J Lawall, SM Hu - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2018 - usenix.org | In a modern OS, kernel modules often use spinlocks and interrupt handlers to monopolize a  CPU core for executing concurrent code in atomic context. In this situation, if the kernel module  performs an operation that can sleep at runtime, a system hang may occur in execution. …
Neuos: A latency-predictable multi-dimensional optimization framework for dnn-driven autonomous systems | S Bateni, C Liu - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2020 - usenix.org | Deep neural networks (DNNs) used in computed vision have become widespread techniques  commonly used in autonomous embedded systems for applications such as image/object  recognition and tracking. The stringent space, weight, and power constraints seen in such …
Jumpswitches: restoring the performance of indirect branches in the era of spectre | N Amit, F Jacobs, M Wei - … Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX}{ATC …, 2019 - usenix.org | The Spectre family of security vulnerabilities show that speculative execution attacks on  modern processors are practical. Spectre variant 2 attacks exploit the speculation of indirect  branches, which enable processors to execute code from arbitrary locations in memory. …
Craft: An erasure-coding-supported version of raft for reducing storage cost and network cost | Z Wang, T Li, H Wang, A Shao, Y Bai, S Cai… - 18th {USENIX} …, 2020 - usenix.org | … In Proceedings of the 2012 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC ’12),  pages 15–26, 2012. [11] Bradley C. Kuszmaul, Matteo Frigo, Justin Mazzola … In Proceedings  of the 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC ’19), pages 15–32, 2019. …
Continuous Code Re-Randomisation at Runtime for Intel SGX Enclaves | M Mahhouk - 2020 - betriebssysteme.org | Hardware-based Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs), like ARM TrustZone [4, 23], RISCV  Keystone [15] and Sancus [21], have become a focus of interest regarding their protection  of security-sensitive applications running in untrusted environments. Intel Software Guard …
Data structure primitives on persistent memory: an evaluation | P Götze, AK Tharanatha, KU Sattler - Proceedings of the 16th …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In 2017 USENIX Annual Technical Conference, USENIX ATC 2017, Santa Clara, CA, USA,  July 12-14, 2017. 349–362. https://www.… In Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Conference on  File and Storage Technologies, FAST 2015, Santa Clara, CA, USA, February 16-19, 2015. 167…
HeuristicDB: a hybrid storage database system using a non-volatile memory block device | J Yang, B Li, DJ Lilja - Proceedings of the 14th ACM International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Hybrid storage systems are widely used in big data fields to balance system performance and  cost. However, due to a poor understanding of the characteristics of database block requests,  past studies in this area cannot fully utilize the performance gain from emerging storage …
Characterizing, modeling, and benchmarking rocksdb key-value workloads at facebook | Z Cao, S Dong, S Vemuri, DHC Du - 18th {USENIX} Conference on File …, 2020 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 18th USENIX Conference on File and Storage  … In Proceedings of the USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 13), pages 49–…  In Proceedings of the USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 08), volume 1, …
Monarch: gaining command on geo-distributed graph analytics | AP Iyer, A Panda, M Chowdhury, A Akella… - 10th {USENIX} …, 2018 - usenix.org | A number of existing and emerging application scenarios generate graph-structured data in  a geo-distributed fashion. Although there is a lot of interest in distributed graph processing  systems, none of them support graphs that are geo-distributed. Geo-distributed analytics, on …
Next generation storage: Non-Volatile Memory | O Kaiyrakhmet - SPAST Express, 2021 - spast.org | The next generation memory storage revolution is triggered with the advent of the Non-Volatile  Memory (NVRAM), also known as Persistent Memory (PM). Previous revolution had  occurred when flash memory was introduced. Likewise, NVRAM is going to deliver new …
Supplementary material to hashing linearity enables relative path control in data centers | Z Zhang, H Zheng, J Hu, X Yu, C Qi, X Shi, G Wang - 2021 - zhehuizhang.github.io | We first prove XOR hashing satisfies the hashing linearity. We define src_ip (h) as the function  to extract source IP address field from the header, so as dest_ip (h), src_port (h), dest_port  (h). XOR hash function with tuple of IP addresses and port numbers as input is Hash (h)= …
Don't share, don't lock: large-scale software connection tracking with Krononat | F André, S Gouache, N Le Scouarnec… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | To simplify software updates and provide new services, ISPs are interested in migrating  network functions implemented in residential gateways (such as DSL or Cable modems) to the  cloud. Two key functions of residential gateways are Network Address Translation (NAT) and …
Spindle: informed memory access monitoring | H Wang, J Zhai, X Tang, B Yu, X Ma… - … USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2018 - usenix.org | Memory monitoring is of critical use in understanding applications and evaluating systems.  Due to the dynamic nature in programs' memory accesses, common practice today leaves  large amounts of address examination and data recording at runtime, at the cost of substantial …
Outsourcing everyday jobs to thousands of cloud functions with gg | S Fouladi, F Romero, D Iter, Q Li, S Chatterjee… - Usenix Login, 2020 - usenix.org | … We thank the USENIX ATC reviewers and our shepherd, Ed Nightingale, for their helpful  comments and suggestions. We are grateful to Geoffrey Voelker, George Porter, Anirudh  Sivaraman, Zakir Durumeric, Riad S. Wahby, Liz Izhikevich, and Deepti Raghavan for comments on …
Extending the lifetime of NVM: challenges and opportunities | S Kargar, F Nawab - Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Untitled Page 1 3194 Page 2 view of NVM research beyond the work within the data  management community. Generally, by introducing NVMs and their huge potential, we aim to  enable researchers from different fields, such as Edge computing, data analysis, AI, and others, to …
End the senseless killing: Improving memory management for mobile operating systems | N Lebeck, A Krishnamurthy, HM Levy… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | To ensure low-latency memory allocation, mobile operating systems kill applications  instead of swapping memory to disk. This design choice shifts the burden of managing over-utilized  memory to application programmers, requiring them to constantly checkpoint their …
Peregreen–modular database for efficient storage of historical time series in cloud environments | A Visheratin, A Struckov, S Yufa, A Muratov… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | The rapid development of scientific and industrial areas, which rely on time series data  processing, raises the demand for storage that would be able to process tens and hundreds  of terabytes of data efficiently. And by efficiency, one should understand not only the speed of …
Everyone Loves File: File Storage Service ({FSS}) in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure | BC Kuszmaul, M Frigo, JM Paluska… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | File Storage Service (FSS) is an elastic filesystem provided as a managed NFS service in  Oracle Cloud Infrastructure. Using a pipelined Paxos implementation, we implemented a  scalable block store that provides linearizable multipage limited-size transactions. On top of the …
What Does the Post-Moore Era Mean for Research Software Engineering? | K Yoshii - arXiv preprint arXiv:2111.05999, 2021 - arxiv.org | We are entering the post-Moore era where we no longer enjoy the free ride of the  performance growth from simply shrinking the transistor features. However, this does not  necessarily mean that we are entering a dark era of computing. On the contrary, sustaining the …
PrTaurus: An Availability-Enhanced EMR Service on Preemptible Cloud Instances | J Ma, Y Li, X Chen, D Cao - 2020 IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | EMR (Elastic Map Reduce) is a service provided by mainstream cloud vendors for data  processing users to directly obtain well-managed Hadoop YARN clusters on the cloud.  Preemptible instance is a kind of cloud server that is cheap but is likely to be reclaimed by cloud …
Firecracker: Lightweight virtualization for serverless applications | A Agache, M Brooker, A Iordache, A Liguori… - 17th {usenix} …, 2020 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 17th USENIX Symposium on Networked  Systems Design and Implementation (NSDI ’20) … In 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference  (USENIX ATC 19), pages 475–488, Renton, WA, July 2019. USENIX Association. URL: https…
Stable and consistent membership at scale with rapid | L Suresh, D Malkhi, P Gopalan, IP Carreiro… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | We present the design and evaluation of Rapid, a distributed membership service. At Rapid’s  core is a scheme for multi-process cut detection (CD) that revolves around two key insights:(i)  it suspects a failure of a process only after alerts arrive from multiple sources, and (ii) …
Supporting security sensitive tenants in a bare-metal cloud | A Mosayyebzadeh, A Mohan, S Tikale, M Abdi… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | SecCloud is a new architecture for bare-metal clouds that enables tenants to control tradeoffs  between security, price, and performance. It enables security-sensitive tenants to minimize  their trust in the public cloud provider and achieve similar levels of security and control that …
Modeling the edge: Peer-to-peer reincarnated | G Yadgar, O Kolosov, MF Aktas, E Soljanin - … {USENIX} Workshop on Hot …, 2019 - usenix.org | … In 14th USENIX Symposium on Networked Systems Design and Implementation (NSDI  17), 2017. … In USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 11), 2011. … In 4th  Conference on USENIX Symposium on Internet Technologies and Systems (USITS 03), 2003. …
An empirical guide to the behavior and use of scalable persistent memory | J Yang, J Kim, M Hoseinzadeh, J Izraelevitz… - 18th {USENIX} …, 2020 - usenix.org | … In 2017 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 17), pages 719–731, Santa  Clara, CA, 2017. USENIX Association. [19] Mingkai Dong, Qianqian Yu, Xiaozhou Zhou, Yang  Hong, Haibo Chen, and Binyu Zang. Rethinking benchmarking for NVM-based file systems. …
What you need to know about (smart) network interface cards | GP Katsikas, T Barbette, M Chiesa, D Kostić… - … Conference on Passive …, 2021 - Springer | … In: 2020 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 20), pp. 673–689, New  York, NY, USA. USENIX Association, July 2020. https://www.… In: 15th USENIX Conference  on Networked Systems Design and Implementation. NSDI 2018, Renton, WA, pp. 171–186…
Applying hardware transactional memory for concurrency-bug failure recovery in production runs | Y Chen, S Wang, S Lu, K Sankaralingam - … Annual Technical Conference …, 2018 - usenix.org | Concurrency bugs widely exist and severely threaten system availability. Techniques that help  recover from concurrency-bug failures during production runs are highly desired. This paper  proposes BugTM, an approach that leverages Hardware Transactional Memory (HTM) on …
Tap: an app framework for dynamically composable mobile systems | N AlDuaij, J Nieh - Proceedings of the 19th Annual International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | As smartphones and tablets have become ubiquitous, there is a growing demand for apps that  can enable users to collaboratively use multiple mobile systems. We present Tap, a framework  that makes it easy for users to dynamically compose collections of mobile systems and …
Strads-ap: Simplifying distributed machine learning programming without introducing a new programming model | JK Kim, A Aghayev, GA Gibson, EP Xing - … Annual Technical Conference …, 2019 - usenix.org | It is a daunting task for a data scientist to convert sequential code for a Machine Learning (ML)  model, published by an ML researcher, to a distributed framework that runs on a cluster and  operates on massive datasets. The process of fitting the sequential code to an appropriate …
Fog function: Serverless fog computing for data intensive iot services | B Cheng, J Fuerst, G Solmaz… - 2019 IEEE International …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Fog computing can support IoT services with fast response time and low bandwidth usage  by moving computation from the cloud to edge devices. However, existing fog computing  frameworks have limited flexibility to support dynamic service composition with a data-oriented …
Drishti: Disaggregated and interoperable security analytics framework for cloud | S Nadgowda, C Isci - Proceedings of the ACM Symposium on Cloud …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Application and platform security has always been critical for the success of any business.  Traditionally, applications were deployed directly on physical servers. As a result, there are  myriad traditional security solutions that were developed around this model to run as local …
Spock: Exploiting serverless functions for slo and cost aware resource procurement in public cloud | JR Gunasekaran, P Thinakaran… - 2019 IEEE 12th …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | We are witnessing the emergence of elastic web services which are hosted in public cloud  infrastructures. For reasons of cost-effectiveness, it is crucial for the elasticity of these web  services to match the dynamically-evolving user demand. Traditional approaches employ …
Secure compute-vm: Secure big data processing with sgx and compute accelerators | S Yoo, H Kim, J Kim - Proceedings of the 3rd Workshop on System …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … Proceedings of the 12th USENIX Conference on Operating Systems Design and  Implementation (OSDI’16). USENIX Association, Berkeley, CA, USA, 689–703. http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id…  of the 2012 USENIX Conference on Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC’12). …
CubicleOS: a library OS with software componentisation for practical isolation | VA Sartakov, L Vilanova, P Pietzuch - Proceedings of the 26th ACM …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In 2017 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 17), pages 645–658. USENIX  Association, July 2017. [8] Chia che Tsai, Jeongseok Son, Bhushan Jain, John McAvey, Raluca  Ada … In 2020 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 20), pages 401–417. …
An Image Caching Strategy in Docker Registry Memory for Optimizing Container Startup | C Zhang - ijscience.org | With the rapid development of container technology, Docker has played an important role in  cloud computing. When an enterprise deploys a large amount of business, it is necessary to  retrieve the image from the Docker registry and allocate resources for it, then the cold start …
Acclaim: Adaptive memory reclaim to improve user experience in android systems | Y Liang, J Li, R Ausavarungnirun, R Pan, L Shi… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | While the Linux memory reclaim scheme is designed to deliver high throughput in server  workloads, the scheme becomes inefficient on mobile device workloads. Through carefully  designed experiments, this paper shows that the current memory reclaim scheme cannot deliver …
Semperos: A distributed capability system | M Hille, N Asmussen, P Bhatotia, H Härtig - … {USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2019 - usenix.org | Capabilities provide an efficient and secure mechanism for fine-grained resource management  and protection. However, as the modern hardware architectures continue to evolve with large  numbers of non-coherent and heterogeneous cores, we focus on the following research …
Accelerating LSM-Tree with the Dentry Management of File System | Y Hu, C Wang - arXiv preprint arXiv:2109.13142, 2021 - arxiv.org | … In 2015 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 15), pages 71–82, Santa  Clara, CA, July 2015. USENIX Association. … In 2017 USENIX Annual Technical Conference  (USENIX ATC 17), pages 363–375, Santa Clara, CA, July 2017. …
The Atlas cluster trace repository | G Amvrosiadis, M Kuchnik, JW Park, C Cranor… - USENIX login, 2018 - usenix.org | … A summary of the results of our analysis is shown in Table 2 (the full analysis is in our  recent USENIX ATC paper [1]). This observation suggests that additional traces should be  considered when evaluating the generality of new research. An excerpt of our analysis that …
PerfDBT: Efficient Performance Regression Testing of Dynamic Binary Translation | J Wu, J Dong, R Fang, W Wang… - 2020 IEEE 38th …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Dynamic binary translation (DBT) has been adopted in many important applications. Due to  the large scale and complexity of a DBT system, a minor code change may lead to unexpected  impact on the performance. Therefore, it is necessary to conduct performance regression …
Clarmor: A dynamic buffer overflow detector for opencl kernels | C Erb, JL Greathouse - Proceedings of the International Workshop on …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Buffer overflows are a common source of program crashes, data corruption, and security  exploits. While many tools exist to find these issues in CPU programs, buffer overflows are also  problematic in heterogeneous systems serviced by languages such as OpenCL™. Existing …
Janus: Benchmarking commercial and open-source cloud and edge platforms for object and anomaly detection workloads | K Shankar, P Wang, R Xu, A Mahgoub… - 2020 IEEE 13th …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | With diverse IoT workloads, placing compute and analytics close to where data is collected  is becoming increasingly important. We seek to understand what is the performance and the  cost implication of running analytics on IoT data at the various available platforms. These …
A large scale analysis of hundreds of in-memory cache clusters at Twitter | J Yang, Y Yue, KV Rashmi - 14th {USENIX} Symposium on Operating …, 2020 - usenix.org | … In 2017 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 17), pages 499–511, 2017. …  In Presented as part of the 2013 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 13),  pages … In 2015 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 15), pages 57–69, 2015. …
Weaknesses in C/C+ | RIK FARROW - usenix.org | … The 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference will bring together leading systems  researchers for cutting-edge systems research and the opportunity to gain insight into a  wealth of must-know topics, including virtualization, system and network management and …
{QZFS}:{QAT} Accelerated Compression in File System for Application Agnostic and Cost Efficient Data Storage | X Hu, F Wang, W Li, J Li, H Guan - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | Data compression can not only provide space efficiency with lower Total Cost of Ownership (TCO)  but also enhance I/O performance because of the reduced read/write operations. However,  lossless compression algorithms with high compression ratio (eg gzip) inevitably incur …
Trillium: The code is the IR | A Akshintala, H Yu, A Peters… - … Conference on High …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In Proceedings of the 2014 USENIX Conference on USENIX Annual Technical  Conference, USENIX ATC’14, pages 109–120, Berkeley, CA, USA, 2014. … In Proceedings  of the 2014 USENIX Conference on USENIX Annual Technical Conference, USENIX ATC’14, …
Shadow symbolic execution for testing software patches | T Kuchta, H Palikareva, C Cadar - ACM Transactions on Software …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | While developers are aware of the importance of comprehensively testing patches, the large  effort involved in coming up with relevant test cases means that such testing rarely happens  in practice. Furthermore, even when test cases are written to cover the patch, they often …
DFShards: effective construction of MRCs online for non-stack algorithms | A Yu, Y Tan, C Xu, Z Ma, D Liu, X Chen - Proceedings of the 18th ACM …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 2012 USENIX Conference on Annual Technical Conference (Boston,  MA) (USENIX ATC’12). … In Proceedings of the 2016 USENIX Conference on Usenix  Annual Technical Conference (Denver, CO, USA) (USENIX ATC ’16). …
Virtualizing Energy Storage Management Using {RAIBA} | T Chiueh, MC Huang, KC Juang, SH Liang… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Because of the intermittent nature of renewable energy-based electricity generation, a key  building block for a sustainable renewable energy-based electricity infrastructure is cost-effective  energy storage management, which is largely determined by the cost of electric batteries. …
Shimmy: Shared memory channels for high performance inter-container communication | M Abranches, S Goodarzy, M Nazari, S Mishra… - 2nd {USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | With the increasing need for more reactive services, and the need to process large amounts  of IoT data, edge clouds are emerging to enable applications to be run close to the users  and/or devices. Following the trend in hyperscale clouds, applications are trending toward a …
Write dependency disentanglement with {HORAE} | X Liao, Y Lu, E Xu, J Shu - 14th {USENIX} Symposium on Operating …, 2020 - usenix.org | … In Proceedings of the 2015 USENIX Conference on Usenix Annual Technical Conference,  USENIX ATC ’15, pages 249–261, Berkeley, CA, USA, 2015. … In Proceedings of the  Annual Conference on USENIX Annual Technical Conference, ATEC …
Efficient location-level risk analytics | N Burke, O Baltzer, N Zeh - Proceedings of the 30th Annual International …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | We propose a system for performing risk analytics of reinsurance portfolios at the resolution  of individual insured locations. By using a graph-based portfolio representation, our system  achieves the flexibility to represent arbitrarily complex reinsurance portfolios. In spite of this …
Optimistic Concurrency Control for Real-world Go Programs | Z Zhang, M Chabbi, A Welc, T Sherwood - … Annual Technical Conference …, 2021 - usenix.org | We present a source-to-source transformation framework, Gocc, that consumes lock-based  pessimistic concurrency programs in the Go language and transforms them into optimistic  concurrency programs that use Hardware Transactional Memory (HTM). The choice of the Go …
Performance Evaluation of Snapshot Methods to Warm the Serverless Cold Start | P Silva, TE Pereira - arXiv preprint arXiv:2105.13894, 2021 - arxiv.org | The serverless computing model strengthens the cloud computing tendency to abstract resource  management. Serverless platforms are responsible for deploying and scaling the developer's  applications. Serverless also incorporated the pay-as-you-go billing model, which only …
Perseus: Characterizing performance and cost of multi-tenant serving for cnn models | M LeMay, S Li, T Guo - 2020 IEEE International Conference on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Deep learning models are increasingly used for end-user applications, supporting both novel  features such as facial recognition, and traditional features, eg web search. To accommodate  high inference throughput, it is common to host a single pre-trained Convolutional Neural …
A Survey of Non-Volatile Main Memory Technologies: State-of-the-Arts, Practices, and Future Directions | HK Liu, D Chen, H Jin, XF Liao, B He, K Hu… - Journal of Computer …, 2021 - Springer | … the 9th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies, February 2011, pp.61-75. …  the 18th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies, February 2020, pp.169-182. …  the 2001 USENIX Annual Technical Conference, June 2001, pp.91-104. …
Midgress-aware traffic provisioning for content delivery | A Sundarrajan, M Kasbekar, RK Sitaraman… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Content delivery networks (CDNs) cache and deliver hundreds of trillions of user requests  each day from hundreds of thousands of servers around the world. The traffic served by CDNs  can be partitioned into hundreds of traffic classes, each with different user access patterns, …
Apache nemo: A framework for building distributed dataflow optimization policies | Y Yang, J Eo, GW Kim, JY Kim, S Lee, J Seo… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | Optimizing scheduling and communication of distributed data processing for resource and  data characteristics is crucial for achieving high performance. Existing approaches to such  optimizations largely fall into two categories. First, distributed runtimes provide low-level policy …
Towards secure smart parking system using blockchain technology | W Al Amiri, M Baza, K Banawan… - 2020 IEEE 17th …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Over the last few years, finding vacant parking spaces has become a hassle for drivers  especially in crowded cities. This problem leads to wasting drivers' time, traffic congestion, and  air pollution. Recently, smart parking systems aim to address this problem by enabling drivers …
The serverless shell | A Mahéo, P Sutra, T Tarrant - Proceedings of the 22nd International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Serverless computing is a recent paradigm to program the cloud. It allows to execute user-defined  functions at scale, on demand, and in a pay-per-use manner. This paper reports on  adapting the Unix shell for serverless. Our software, called the serverless shell (sshell), runs …
Data Deduplication Technology for Cloud Storage | Q He, B Shao, W Zhang - Tehnički vjesnik, 2020 - hrcak.srce.hr | With the explosive growth of information data, the data storage system has stepped into the  cloud storage era. Although the core of the cloud storage system is distributed file system in  solving the problem of mass data storage, a large number of duplicate data exist in all storage …
Spool: Reliable Virtualized NVMe Storage Pool in Public Cloud Infrastructure | S Xue, S Zhao, Q Chen, G Deng, Z Liu… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | Ensuring high reliability and availability of virtualized NVMe storage systems is crucial for  large-scale clouds. However, previous I/O virtualization systems only focus on improving I/O  performance and ignore the above challenges. To this end, we propose Spool, a reliable …
Accurate and efficient follower log repair for Raft-replicated database systems | J Guo, P Cai, W Qian, A Zhou - Frontiers of Computer Science, 2021 - Springer | State machine replication has been widely used in modern cluster-based database systems.  Most commonly deployed configurations adopt the Raft-like consensus protocol, which has  a single strong leader which replicates the log to other followers. Since the followers can …
Short Paper: Highly Compatible Fast Container Startup with Lazy Layer Pull | S Gotanda, T Shinagawa - 2021 IEEE International Conference …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Containers are an attractive platform for developing and deploying applications. Unfortunately,  in order to start up a new or updated container, the entire container image must first be pulled  from a registry, increasing the waiting time for containers to actually become available. …
3.4 Characterizing Serverless Systems (Keynote Abstract–Topic 4) | M Shahrad - Serverless Computing - drops.dagstuhl.de | This keynote is dedicated to understanding the importance of characterizing serverless systems  from different perspectives. To make the case, two characterization studies will be presented:  1) a cluster-wide characterization of the entire serverless workload at Azure Functions [1…
Bufferbloat and Beyond: Removing Performance Barriers in Real-World Networks | T Høiland-Jørgensen - 2018 - diva-portal.org | The topic of this thesis is the performance of computer networks. While network performance  has generally improved with time, over the last several years we have seen examples of  performance barriers limiting network performance. In this work we explore such performance …
The Dilemma between Deduplication and Locality: Can Both be Achieved? | X Zou, J Yuan, P Shilane, W Xia, H Zhang… - 19th {USENIX} …, 2021 - usenix.org | … 2017 USENIX Conference on Usenix Annual Technical Conference (ATC’ 17), pages 759–771,  Santa Clara, CA, July 2017. USENIX Association. … In Proceedings of the 2011 USENIX  Conference on USENIX Annual Technical Conference (ATC’ 11), pages 26–30, Portland, OR, …
Sharing and caring of data at the edge | A Trivedi, L Wang, H Bal, A Iosup - 3rd {USENIX} Workshop on Hot …, 2020 - usenix.org | … In USENIX Workshop on Hot Topics in Edge Computing (HotEdge), 2019. … In USENIX  Workshop on Hot Topics in Cloud Computing (HotCloud), 2020. … In USENIX Symposium  on Networked Systems Design and Implementation (NSDI), pages 81–94, 2018. …
A Framework for Building Linux-Based Single-Purpose Appliances Optimized for the Cloud | A Osuka, K Kono - 2019 IEEE International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Cloud-specialized OSes improve performance and efficiency of cloud applications by  specializing their kernels to their target applications. Existing cloud-specialized OSes such as  OSv and Unikernels are developed from the ground up and requires substantial porting efforts, …
TPL: A Novel Analysis and Optimization Model for RDMA P2P Communication | Z Du, Z An, J Xing - IFIP International Conference on Network and Parallel …, 2020 - Springer | With increasing demand for networks with high throughput and low latency, RDMA is widely  used because of its high performance. Because optimization for RDMA can fully exploit the  performance potential of RDMA, methods for RDMA optimization is very important. Existing …
Distributed Network Resource Sharing AP in Inter-WLAN Environments (poster) | J Son, H Jo, D Nyang, Y Noh - Proceedings of the 17th Annual …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | As the number of wireless device deployments grows, it is desirable to share the highly limited  wireless bandwidth efficiently and cooperatively. In WLAN, using a central controller for  resource sharing and management is a common practice in mid-size and large-size network. …
Towards Exploiting CPU Elasticity via Efficient Thread Oversubscription | H Huang, J Rao, S Wu, H Jin, H Jiang, H Che… - Proceedings of the 30th …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Elasticity is an essential feature of cloud computing, which allows users to dynamically add  or remove resources in response to workload changes. However, building applications that  truly exploit elasticity is non-trivial. Traditional applications need to be modified to efficiently …
Characterization and Optimization of the Serverless Workload at a Large Cloud Provider | M Shahrad, R Fonseca, I Goiri, G Chaudhry… - USENIX …, 2020 - usenix.org | … We invite the reader to read our recent USENIX ATC paper for methodology details and  full characterization data [1]. The sanitized traces from a subset of our characterization data  are also available publicly at https://github. com/Azure/AzurePublicDataset. …
Evaluating Intel 3D-Xpoint NVDIMM Persistent Memory in the Context of a Key-Value Store | D Waddington, C Dickey, L Xu… - … Analysis of Systems …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Intel's 3D-Xpoint NVDIMM product1 is now in general availability. This technology, herein  termed Optane-PM, is a first-in-breed persistent memory technology, designed for the enterprise  storage domain. Optane-PM is attached to the memory-bus and is load-store addressable. …
System Call Interception for Serverless Isolation | N Somy, A Mondal, B Ghosh, S Chakraborty - NOVA, 2020 - abhijitmondal.in | Serverless functions [6, 9, 13, 14], like AWS Lambda [3] or Google Cloud Functions [7], are  new techniques for running short-lived workloads over a cloud, which are particularly  preferred by users for their easy deployment, fine-grained billing and automatic scaling. Unlike …
Future-Proof Your Research: Designing for Replicability and Reproducibility | I Brunkan, Z Zhen, K Keahey, L Toksoz - 2020 - sc20.supercomputing.org | Computer Science is Agile. Iteration after iteration, moving quickly to solve new problems,  uncover new questions, find the next big thing. Hardware, software, libraries, datasets,  experiments-technology becomes outdated almost as soon as it’s released. So why save code? …
Pragh: Locality-preserving graph traversal with split live migration | X Xie, X Wei, R Chen, H Chen - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2019 - usenix.org | Many real-world data like social, transportation, biology, and communication data can be  efficiently modeled as a graph. Hence, graph traversal such as multi-hop or graph-walking  queries has been key operations atop graph stores. However, since different graph traversals …
Consistency across Read-Optimized Online Stores at Facebook | X Shi - usenix.org | … [Usenix ATC’13] TAO: Facebook’s Distributed Data Store for the Social Graph … As  described in the TAO paper [Usenix ATC’13] … As described in the TAO paper [Usenix ATC’13] …
Hamming Tree: The Case for Memory-Aware Bit Flipping Reduction for NVM Indexing. | S Kargar, F Nawab - CIDR, 2021 - cidrdb.org | Non-Volatile Memory (NVM) is improving the performance and cost-efficiency of data  management systems. However, they introduce salient challenges that were not considered in  traditional memory architectures. In particular, write endurance in NVM is significantly lower than …
Poster: An Accelerator for Fast Container-based Applications Deployment on the Edge | JL Chen, D Liaqat, M Gabel… - 2020 IEEE/ACM …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Containers are an emerging approach for application deployment on the edge, as they are  modular, lightweight, and easy to use for development and maintenance. However, deploying  containers in an edge computing environment brings new challenges: high latency links, …
Toward a definition for serverless computing | S Kounev, C Abad, I Foster, N Herbst, A Iosup… - 2021 - orca.cardiff.ac.uk | In the backbone of our digital society, cloud computing enables an efficient, utility-like  ecosystem of developing, composing, and providing software services. Responding to a trend  to make cloud computing services more accessible, fine-grained, and affordable, serverless …
Poster: Distributed Network Resource Sharing AP in Inter-WLAN Environments | J Son, H Jo, D Nyang, Y Noh - 2019 - nsl.inha.ac.kr | As the number of wireless device deployments grows, it is desirable to share the highly limited  wireless bandwidth efficiently and cooperatively. In WLAN, using a central controller for  resource sharing and management is a common practice in mid-size and large-size network. …
Reconstructing proprietary video streaming algorithms | M Grüner, M Licciardello, A Singla - … Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2020 - usenix.org | Even though algorithms for adaptively setting video quality in online streaming are a hot topic  in networking academia, little is known about how popular online streaming platforms do  such adaptation. This creates obvious hurdles for research on streaming algorithms and their …
High Performance Cloud Computing on Multicore Computers | J Shan - 2018 - search.proquest.com | The cloud has become a major computing platform, with virtualization being a key to allow  applications to run and share the resources in the cloud. A wide spectrum of applications need  to process large amounts of data at high speeds in the cloud, eg, analyzing customer data …
CLOCK-pro+ improving CLOCK-pro cache replacement with utility-driven adaptation | C Li - Proceedings of the 12th ACM International Conference …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In 2017 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 17). USENIX Association,  Santa Clara, CA, 499– 511. … In Proceedings of the 2005 USENIX Annual Technical  Conference (ATEC ’05). 323–336. [10] Song Jiang and Xiaodong Zhang. …
A large-scale analysis of hundreds of in-memory key-value cache clusters at twitter | J Yang, Y Yue, KV Rashmi - ACM Transactions on Storage (TOS), 2021 - dl.acm.org | Modern web services use in-memory caching extensively to increase throughput and reduce  latency. There have been several workload analyses of production systems that have  fueled research in improving the effectiveness of in-memory caching systems. However, the …
Online competitive schemes for linear power-down systems | J Andro-Vasko, W Bein, B Cisneros… - … Conference on Information …, 2020 - Springer | We consider a system which has, in addition to an on-state, a set of energy-saving states.  For each of these states the system has an associated energy cost and a cost to power up to  the on-state. Requests for service, ie for when the device has to be in the on-state, are not …
NetKernel: Making Network Stack Part of the Virtualized Infrastructure | Z Niu, H Xu, P Cheng, Q Su, Y Xiong, T Wang… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | This paper presents a system called NetKernel that decouples the network stack from the  guest virtual machine and offers it as an independent module. NetKernel represents a new  paradigm where network stack can be managed as part of the virtualized infrastructure. It …
Posh: A Data-Aware Shell | P Levis, M Zaharia - USENIX PATRONS, 2020 - usenix.org | … For a detailed discussion of the research ideas behind Posh, we refer the reader to our USENIX  ATC’20 paper [4]. … Acknowledgments We thank our ATC shepherd, Mahadev Satyanarayanan,  and the anonymous ATC reviewers for their invaluable feedback. We are grateful to …
Accelerating content-defined-chunking based data deduplication by exploiting parallelism | W Xia, D Feng, H Jiang, Y Zhang, V Chang… - Future Generation …, 2019 - Elsevier | Data deduplication, a data reduction technique that efficiently detects and eliminates  redundant data chunks and files, has been widely applied in large-scale storage systems. Most  existing deduplication-based storage systems employ content-defined chunking (CDC) and …
FHIR Healthcare Directories: Adopting Shared Interfaces to Achieve Interoperable Medical Device Data Integration. | T Tyndall, A Tyndall - pHealth, 2018 - books.google.com | Healthcare directories are vital for interoperability among healthcare providers, researchers  and patients. Past efforts at directory services have not provided the tools to allow integration  of the diverse data sources. Many are overly strict, incompatible with legacy databases, and …
Leveraging NVMe SSDs for Building a Fast, Cost-effective, LSM-tree-based KV Store | C Li, H Chen, C Ruan, X Ma, Y Xu - ACM Transactions on Storage (TOS), 2021 - dl.acm.org | Key-value (KV) stores support many crucial applications and services. They perform fast in-memory  processing but are still often limited by I/O performance. The recent emergence of high-speed  commodity non-volatile memory express solid-state drives (NVMe SSDs) has …
Combining split and federated architectures for efficiency and privacy in deep learning | V Turina, Z Zhang, F Esposito, I Matta - Proceedings of the 16th …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Distributed learning systems are increasingly being adopted for a variety of applications as  centralized training becomes unfeasible. A few architectures have emerged to divide and  conquer the computational load, or to run privacy-aware deep learning models, using split or …
FPGA-based network microburst analysis system with efficient packet capturing | S Yoshida, Y Ukon, S Ohteru, H Uzawa… - Journal of Optical …, 2021 - osapublishing.org | Network microbursts, which are bursts of traffic on the order of submilliseconds, have attracted  much attention because they can cause network latency and packet loss. However, analyzing  the causes of microbursts involves two problems: how to capture the packets contained …
DynaMix: dynamic mobile device integration for efficient cross-device resource sharing | D Chae, J Kim, G Lee, H Kim, KA Chang… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | In the era of the Internet of Things, users desire more valuable services by simultaneously  utilizing various resources available in remote devices. As a result, cross-device resource  sharing, a capability to utilize the resources of a remote device, becomes a desirable feature to …
Chunk Content is not Enough: Chunk-Context Aware Resemblance Detection for Deduplication Delta Compression | X Ye, X Xue, W Tian, Z Xu, W Xiao, R Li - arXiv preprint arXiv:2106.01273, 2021 - arxiv.org | … In Ajay Gulati and Hakim Weatherspoon, editors, 2016 USENIX Annual Technical Conference,  USENIX ATC 2016, Denver, CO, USA, … USENIX Annual Technical Conference, USENIX  ATC 2020, July 15-17, 2020, pages 769–783. USENIX Association, 2020. URL https://www.…
sxKV: A Novel Secured and Bidirectional Key-Value Data Structure | R Patgiri - 2020 IEEE 22nd International Conference on High …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Key-value data structure is well-known data structure which is used, ranging from the small  applications to the extremely large systems. A plenty of key-value data structures are  available. Moreover, implementation of bidirectional keyvalues are also available. The key-value …
Transkernel: bridging monolithic kernels to peripheral cores | L Guo, S Zhai, Y Qiao, FX Lin - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference …, 2019 - usenix.org | Smart devices see a large number of ephemeral tasks driven by background activities. In  order to execute such a task, the OS kernel wakes up the platform beforehand and puts it back  to sleep afterwards. In doing so, the kernel operates various IO devices and orchestrates their …
A double-edged sword: Security threats and opportunities in one-sided network communication | SY Tsai, Y Zhang - 11th {USENIX} Workshop on Hot Topics in Cloud …, 2019 - usenix.org | … In Proceedings of the 2018 USENIX Conference on Usenix Annual Technical Conference  (ATC ’18), Boston, MA, USA, July 2018. [2] … In Proceedings of the 2016 USENIX Conference  on Usenix Annual Technical Conference (ATC ’16), Denver, CO, USA, June 2016. [40] B. …
HiLSM: An LSM-based key-value store for hybrid NVM-SSD storage systems | W Li, D Jiang, J Xiong, Y Bao - … of the 17th ACM International Conference …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | In order to ensure data durability and crash consistency, the LSM-tree based key-value  stores suffer from high WAL synchronization overhead. Fortunately, the advent of NVM offers  an opportunity to address this issue. However, NVM is currently too expensive to meet the …
Zero-Copying I/O Stack for Low-Latency SSDs | S Kim, G Lee, J Woo, J Jeong - IEEE Computer Architecture …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Traditional buffered read for block devices is no longer effective in terms of latency with today's  low-latency solid-state drives. This is because memory copy accounts for a large portion of  I/O latency. Zero-copy read is an attractive approach to reducing the I/O latency, but has the …
SPMFS: A Scalable Persistent Memory File System on Optane Persistent Memory | Y Yang, Q Cao, J Yao, Y Dong, W Kong - 50th International Conference …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In 2020 USENIX Annual Technical Conference, USENIX ATC 2020, July 15-17, 2020.  USENIX Association, 1–16. … In Proceedings of the USENIX Annual Technical Conference, San  Diego, CA, USA, January 22-26, 1996. 1–14. [33] Haris Volos, Guilherme Magalhaes, Ludmila …
Boosting scalable data analytics with modern programmable networks | M Blöcher, T Ziegler, C Binnig, P Eugster - Proceedings of the 14th …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In 2016 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 16), pages 1–14. USENIX  Association, 2016. [2] C. Binnig, A. … In Proceedings of the 9th USENIX conference on  Networked Systems Design and Implementation, pages 3–3. …
Research progress and development trend of cross-layer energy efficiency optimization in data centers | J WANG, B ZHOU, W LIU, S HU - SCIENTIA SINICA …, 2020 - engine.scichina.com | Energy consumption has become a main obstacle hindering the further development of data  centers. To solve this problem, many data center energy efficiency optimization studies have  emerged in academia and industry in recent years. This review introduces current global …
AI for System-Infusing AI into Cloud Computing Systems | HW Hon - Abstract Proceedings of the 2021 ACM SIGMETRICS …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … Gandalf: An Intelligent, EndTo-End Analytics Service for Safe Deployment in Large-Scale  Cloud, Proceeding of the 17th USENIX Symposium … Disk Error, Proceeding of 2018 USENIX  Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC’18), Pages 481-493, Boston, MA, USA, July 2019. …
Dynamically Configuring LRU Replacement Policy in Redis | Y Wang, J Yang, Z Wang - The International Symposium on Memory …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In 11th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI 14). …  In Proceedings of the General Track: 2001 USENIX Annual Technical Conference. USENIX  Association, USA, 91–104. …
Accurate timeout detection despite arbitrary processing delays | S Ma, Y Wang - … {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX} …, 2018 - usenix.org | Timeout is widely used for failure detection. This paper proposes SafeTimer, a mechanism  to enhance existing timeout detection protocols to tolerate long delays in the OS and the  application: at the heartbeat receiver side, SafeTimer checks whether there are any pending …
Memory-Mapped I/O for Fast Storage | A Papagiannis - 2020 - tpapagian.github.io | … In Proceedings of the 2020 USENIX Conference on Usenix Annual Technical Conference  (USENIX ATC ’20). USENIX Association, USA (iv) Anastasios Papagiannis, Giorgos Saloustros,  Giorgos Xanthakis, Giorgos Kalaentzis, Pilar Gonzalez-Ferez, and Angelos Bilas. 2021. …
Safe and Efficient Remote Application Code Execution on Disaggregated NVM Storage with eBPF | K Kourtis, A Trivedi, N Ioannou - arXiv preprint arXiv:2002.11528, 2020 - arxiv.org | With rapid improvements in NVM storage devices, the performance bottleneck is gradually  shifting to the network, thus giving rise to the notion of "data movement wall". To reduce the  amount of data movement over the network, researchers have proposed near-data computing …
Efficient gpu sharing for serverless workflows | K Satzke, IE Akkus, R Chen, I Rimac, M Stein… - Proceedings of the 1st …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Serverless computing has emerged as a new cloud computing paradigm, where an application  consists of individual functions that can be separately managed and executed. However,  the function development environment of all serverless computing frameworks at present is …
Videochef: efficient approximation for streaming video processing pipelines | R Xu, J Koo, R Kumar, P Bai, S Mitra… - … Technical Conference  …, 2018 - usenix.org | Many video streaming applications require low-latency processing on resource-constrained  devices. To meet the latency and resource constraints, developers must often approximate  filter computations. A key challenge to successfully tuning approximations is finding the …
CrossFS: A cross-layered direct-access file system | Y Ren, C Min, S Kannan - 14th {USENIX} Symposium on Operating …, 2020 - usenix.org | We design CrossFS, a cross-layered direct-access file system disaggregated across user-level,  firmware, and kernel layers for scaling I/O performance and improving concurrency. CrossFS  is designed to exploit host-and device-level compute capabilities. For concurrency with …
Demystifying cache policies for photo stores at scale: A tencent case study | K Zhou, S Sun, H Wang, P Huang, X He, R Lan… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 2017 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC’17).  Santa Clara, CA, 499–511. [12] Nathan Bronson, Zach Amsden, George Cabrera, Prasad …  In Proceedings of the 2014 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC’14). 501–512. …
An Evaluation of Serverless Computing on X86 and ARM platforms: Performance and Design Implications | D Xie, Y Hu, L Qin - 2021 IEEE 14th International Conference …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Serverless computing is an emerging computing paradigm in cloud computing. Serverless  users benefit from the features of serverless computing (eg, auto scaling and pay-as-you-go  model), and widely adopt it. Besides, ARM servers are becoming increasingly popular …
A modular design for geo-distributed querying: Work in progress report | D Vasilas, M Shapiro, B King - Proceedings of the 5th Workshop on the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In 2016 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 16). USENIX Association,  Denver, CO, 57–70. https://www.… In Proceedings of the 2016 USENIX Conference on  Usenix Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC ’16). …
Jumpgate: In-network processing as a service for data analytics | C Mustard, F Ruffy, A Gakhokidze… - 11th {USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | In-network processing, where data is processed by special-purpose devices as it passes over  the network, is showing great promise at improving application performance, in particular for  data analytics tasks. However, analytics and in-network processing are not yet integrated …
Nap: A {Black-Box} Approach to {NUMA-Aware} Persistent Memory Indexes | Q Wang, Y Lu, J Li, J Shu - 15th USENIX Symposium on Operating …, 2021 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 15th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation. … In Proceedings of the 2021 USENIX Conference  on Usenix Annual Technical Conference, USENIX ATC ’21, USA, 2021. USENIX Association. …
Dynamic reconfiguration of consensus protocol for IoT data registry on blockchain | M Rasolroveicy, M Fokaefs - … of the 30th Annual International Conference …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Blockchain technology has recently gained momentum among practitioners to increase  security in shared distributed platforms. One of the main characteristics of Blockchain is  consensus that prevents double-spending attacks on the network and lowers the chance of …
USENIX PATRONS | U BENEFACTORS - 2020 - usenix.org | … The USENIX Annual Technical Conference also happened this summer, and I chose two …  To me, Posh is a great example in the tradition of USENIX ATC, an improvement on the … I  interviewed Margo Seltzer, who gave an afternoon keynote at USENIX ATC’20. Seltzer …
Hermes: Efficient Cache Management for Container-based Serverless Computing | B Yan, H Gao, H Wu, W Zhang, L Hua… - 12th Asia-Pacific …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Serverless computing systems are shifting towards shorter function durations and larger degrees  of parallelism to eliminate intolerable latency. For container-based serverless computing,  the state-of-the-art efforts fail to ensure low latency because on-demand container images …
Integration of IoT and Blockchain | AS Mohammad, MN Brohi, IA Khan - 2021 - techniumscience.com | present, we are in the world of digital revolution. Use of smartphones and internet accelerated  due to the impact of the novel Covid-19 virus. The whole world started to turn digital. The  industrialization of Internet of Things (IoT) enables more devices to connect and communicate …
Controlling security rules using natural dialogue: an application to smart home care | S Goffinet, D Schmitz, I Zavalyshyn, A Legay… - Adjunct Proceedings of …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Smart home systems have revolutionized the way we interact with our living environment, but  the concerns over sensor data privacy and security have become one of the major barriers  to their widespread adoption. Despite a considerable research effort in designing secure …
Nuka: A Generic Engine with Millisecond Initialization for Serverless Computing | S Qin, H Wu, Y Wu, B Yan, Y Xu… - 2020 IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Serverless computing is becoming one of the mainstream trends in cloud computing due to its  advantages of simplified programming and cost saving. However, existing serverless  platforms still adopt Docker container as its execution engine, which has the cold start problem …
Improving Availability of Cloud Systems by Predicting Disk Error | M Chintalapati, D Zhang - researchgate.net | High service availability is crucial for cloud systems. A typical cloud system uses a large  number of physical hard disk drives. Disk errors are one of the most important reasons that lead  to service unavailability. Disk error (such as sector error and latency error) can be seen as a …
Narrowing the gap between serverless and its state with storage functions | T Zhang, D Xie, F Li, R Stutsman - … of the ACM Symposium on Cloud …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | … In Presented as part of the 2013 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 13),  pages 49–60, San Jose, CA, 2013. USENIX. [19] D. Crankshaw, X. … In 2019 USENIX  Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 19), pages 107–120, 2019. [30] K. Kaffes, T. …
Exploiting content similarity to address cold start in container deployments | K Mahajan, S Mahajan, V Misra… - Proceedings of the 15th …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Serverless computing is an emerging Cloud paradigm that allows users to claim and pay for  resources only when their jobs are executing. While this paradigm offers several advantages,  the phenomenon of" cold start" reduces its inherent efficiency with respect to the utilization …
Innovative Operating System Elements | O Schwahn - informatik.tu-darmstadt.de | Description This seminar deals with the design, implementation, and application of innovative  and stateof-the-art operating systems elements. We dive into the inner workings of modern  operating systems and explore different system designs, from micro-kernel systems like …
Tensorscone: A secure tensorflow framework using intel sgx | R Kunkel, DL Quoc, F Gregor, S Arnautov… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | Machine learning has become a critical component of modern data-driven online services.  Typically, the training phase of machine learning techniques requires to process large-scale  datasets which may contain private and sensitive information of customers. This imposes …
Flow caching in protocol oblivious forwarding switches | CAO Zuowei, C Xiao, NI Hong, YE Xiaozhou - 电子与信息学报, 2018 - jeit.ac.cn | Protocol Oblivious Forwarding (POF) supports the arbitrary protocol processing, enhancing  the programmability of Software Defined Networking (SDN). In order to improve the  forwarding performance, a flow caching method is proposed. To parse the packet in advance, …
Accelerating recommendation system training by leveraging popular choices | M Adnan, YE Maboud, D Mahajan, PJ Nair - Proceedings of the VLDB …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 2019 USENIX Conference on Usenix Annual Technical Conference,  USENIX ATC '19, page 947--960, USA, 2019. USENIX … URL https://www.usenix.org/conference/osdi14/technical-sessions/presentation/chilimbi.Google  Scholar Google Scholar …
Amazon Dynamo | Q Dufour, A Team - git.deuxfleurs.fr | … In Proceedings of the 2010 USENIX conference on USENIX annual technical conference  (USENIXATC'10). … USENIX …
Say goodbye to off-heap caches! On-heap caches using memory-mapped I/O | IG Kolokasis, A Papagiannis, P Pratikakis… - 12th {USENIX} …, 2020 - usenix.org | … In 2016 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 16), pages 537–550,  Denver, CO, June 2016. … In Proceedings of the 2020 USENIX Conference on Usenix  Annual Technical Conference, USENIX ATC ’20, USA, July 2020. USENIX Association. …
SHARC: improving adaptive replacement cache with shadow recency cache management | X Du, C Li - Proceedings of the 22nd International Middleware …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Adaptive Replacement Cache (ARC) is a state-of-the-art cache replacement policy with a  constant-time complexity per request. It uses a recency list and a frequency list to balance  between access recency and access frequency. In this paper, we re-examine the ARC policy and …
eMRC: Efficient Miss Ratio Approximation for Multi-Tier Caching | Z Liu, HW Lee, Y Xiang, D Grunwald, S Ha - 19th {USENIX} Conference …, 2021 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 19th USENIX Conference on File and …  of the 19th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies is sponsored by USENIX. …  In Proceedings of the General Track: 2001 USENIX Annual Technical Conference, pages 91–…
Pocket: Elastic ephemeral storage for serverless analytics | A Klimovic, Y Wang, P Stuedi, A Trivedi… - 13th {USENIX} …, 2018 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’18). … access to the Proceedings of the 13th  USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation is sponsored by USENIX. …
Your coflow has many flows: sampling them for fun and speed | A Jajoo, YC Hu, X Lin - … } Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX}{ATC} …, 2019 - usenix.org | Coflow scheduling improves data-intensive application performance by improving their  networking performance. State-of-the-art online coflow schedulers in essence approximate  the classic Shortest-Job-First (SJF) scheduling by learning the coflow size online. In particular, …
An intelligent memory caching architecture for data-intensive multimedia applications. | AA Abbasi, S Javed… - Multimedia Tools & …, 2021 - search.ebscohost.com | With the rapid developments in cloud computing and mobile networks, multimedia content  can be accessed conveniently. Recently, some novel intelligent caching-based approaches  have been proposed to improve the memory architectures for multimedia applications. These …
Facilitating plausible deniability for cloud providers regarding tenants' activities using trusted execution | D O'Keeffe, A Vranaki, T Pasquier… - 2020 IEEE International …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | A cloud provider that can technically determine tenants' operations may be compelled to  disclose such activities by law enforcement agencies (LEAs). The situation gets even more  complex when multiple LEAs across different jurisdictions are involved, eg, because of the …
Cold Start in Serverless Computing: Current Trends and Mitigation Strategies | P Vahidinia, B Farahani, FS Aliee - … International Conference on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Serverless Computing is the latest cloud computing model, which facilitates application  development. By adopting and leveraging the modern paradigm of Serverless Computing,  developers do not need to manage the servers. In this computational model, the executables are …
What Is Hidden Behind the Term “Blockchain”? | T Gayvoronskaya, C Meinel - Blockchain, 2021 - Springer | We now know about the basic challenges facing the secure use of decentralized systems,  and, by way of an example, have seen what has made blockchain technology possible. Before  we dive deeper into the subject matter, we will attempt to gain a better understanding of …
Tracking and Analysis of Causality at Enterprise Level (TRACE) | G Ciocarlie - 2020 - apps.dtic.mil | We report on our work in developing the TRACE framework, which combines novel host-level  tracking techniques with a proven enterprise-wide tracking system. Specifically, TRACE aimed  to enable the detection and investigation of advanced persistent threat APT attacks in an …
Meta-level issues in Offloading: Scoping, Composition, Development, and their Automation | A DeHon, H Giesen, N Sultana, Y Xiao - arXiv preprint arXiv:2104.01929, 2021 - arxiv.org | This paper argues for an accelerator development toolchain that takes into account the whole  system containing the accelerator. With whole-system visibility, the toolchain can better  assist accelerator scoping and composition in the context of the expected workloads and …
Graphyti: a semi-external memory graph library for FlashGraph | D Mhembere, D Zheng, CE Priebe… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2019 - arxiv.org | Graph datasets exceed the in-memory capacity of most standalone machines. Traditionally,  graph frameworks have overcome memory limitations through scale-out, distributing  computing. Emerging frameworks avoid the network bottleneck of distributed data with Semi-…
Reducing DRAM footprint with NVM in Facebook | A Eisenman, D Gardner, I AbdelRahman… - Proceedings of the …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | … In Presented as part of the 2013 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 13),  pages 49–60, San Jose, CA, 2013. [10] J. Chen, Q. … In 2017 USENIX Annual Technical  Conference (USENIX ATC 17), pages 349–362, Santa Clara, CA, 2017. …
A Low Latency Congestion Control That Can Compete | A Srivastava, F Fund, S Panwar - Proceedings of the Student Workshop, 2020 - dl.acm.org | One of the major criteria which decide the real world success of new congestion control  protocols is their fair coexistence in a network with traffic from heterogeneous sources. In this  paper, we highlight this as a common point of difficulty for congestion control schemes designed …
FlexGroup Volumes: A Distributed {WAFL} File System | R Kesavan, J Hennessey, R Jernigan… - … Technical Conference  …, 2019 - usenix.org | The rapid growth of customer applications and datasets has led to demand for storage that  can scale with the needs of modern workloads. We have developed FlexGroup volumes to  meet this need. FlexGroups combine local WAFL® file systems in a distributed storage cluster …
From Flash to 3D XPoint: Performance Bottlenecks and Potentials in RocksDB with Storage Evolution | Y Jia, F Chen - … on Performance Analysis of Systems and …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Storage technologies have undergone continuous innovations in the past decade. The latest  technical advancement in this domain is 3D XPoint memory. As a type of Non-volatile  Memory (NVM), 3D XPoint memory promises great improvement in performance, density, and …
Where Does the Hype End, and Where Does the Innovation of Blockchain Technology Begin? | T Gayvoronskaya, C Meinel - Blockchain, 2021 - Springer | Now we are ready to go deeper into the subject matter, and you have a chance to form a first  opinion about blockchain technology – is it an innovation or only hype? Thereby, we will take  a closer look at the architecture of blockchain technology using well-known examples such …
Optimizing Single Server Content Streaming | N Zheng, C Gonzalez - cggonzalez.com | In recent years, a multitude of content streaming services which allow distributed users to  consume their favorite songs, movies, and other media have emerged. Since the introduction  of Netflix and YouTube, the amount of content delivered via the internet has increased every …
The Right Use Leads to Success | T Gayvoronskaya, C Meinel - Blockchain, 2021 - Springer | What kind of problems can blockchain technology solve as an “ultimate” technology? Taking  a sober look at a new technology is the basis for its potentially successful use. We would  therefore like to concentrate on the innovation of blockchain technology and consider the …
Extending storage support for unikernel containers | OL Nikolos, K Papazafeiropoulos… - Proceedings of the 5th …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | In recent years, the rapid adoption of the serverless computing paradigm has led to the  proliferation of Function-as-a-Service computing frameworks. The majority of these frameworks  utilize containers, a lightweight operating system virtualization technique, to ensure isolated …
Projects and Application Areas of Blockchain Technology | T Gayvoronskaya, C Meinel - Blockchain, 2021 - Springer | For a better idea of which applications are possible based on blockchain technology, or which  areas can profit from this technology, we will look at already existing blockchain projects.  We ask you to note that the projects or companies mentioned in this chapter serve only to …
Optimizing Memory Swap Overhead Through Pattern Analysis | 정혜린 - 2021 - s-space.snu.ac.kr | The use of memory is one of the key parts of modern computer architecture (Von Neumann  architecture) but when considering limited memory, it could be the most lethal part at the  same time. Advances in hardware and software are making rapid strides in areas such as Big …
Ssd-based workload characteristics and their performance implications | G Yadgar, M Gabel, S Jaffer, B Schroeder - ACM Transactions on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Storage systems are designed and optimized relying on wisdom derived from analysis studies  of file-system and block-level workloads. However, while SSDs are becoming a dominant  building block in many storage systems, their design continues to build on knowledge …
{SPEICHER}: Securing lsm-based key-value stores using shielded execution | M Bailleu, J Thalheim, P Bhatotia, C Fetzer… - 17th {USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | We introduce Speicher, a secure storage system that not only provides strong confidentiality  and integrity properties, but also ensures data freshness to protect against rollback/forking  attacks. Speicher exports a Key-Value (KV) interface backed by Log-Structured Merge Tree (…
Batch: machine learning inference serving on serverless platforms with adaptive batching | A Ali, R Pinciroli, F Yan, E Smirni - … International Conference for …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Swift, “Peeking behind the curtains of serverless platforms,” in 2018 USENIX Annual  Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 18), 2018, pp. 133–146. … Sukhomlinov, “Agile cold  starts for scalable serverless,” in 11th USENIX …
Letter from the Special Issue Editor. | P Bonnet - IEEE Data Eng. Bull., 2019 - sites.computer.org | … Hyperupcalls have been designed to bridge the semantic gap between a hypervisor and a  guest virtual machine (this work got the best paper award at Usenix ATC 2018). In this paper,  the authors explore how hyperupcalls could be used from the perspective of applications …
Towards {GPU} Utilization Prediction for Cloud Deep Learning | G Yeung, D Borowiec, A Friday, R Harper… - 12th {USENIX} …, 2020 - usenix.org | Understanding the GPU utilization of Deep Learning (DL) workloads is important for enhancing  resource-efficiency and cost-benefit decision making for DL frameworks in the cloud.  Current approaches to determine DL workload GPU utilization rely on online profiling within …
Architectures for Secure High-Performance Computing | A Akram - ayazakram.com | High performance computing (HPC) is moving away from traditional simulation and modeling  to large scale computational problems involving large datasets. Sometimes this data can  be sensitive, provided by third parties to HPC centers or individual researchers, and raises …
CANRT: A Client-Active NVM-Based Radix Tree for Fast Remote Access | Y Ying, K Huang, S Zheng, Y Tu, L Huang - International Conference on …, 2020 - Springer | This paper presents the first study of building a remote-accessible persistent radix tree,  named CANRT. Unlike prior works that only focus on designing single-node tree structure for  non-volatile memory, we focus on optimizing remote access performance for a persistent radix …
Cross-Domain Workloads Performance Prediction via Runtime Metrics Transferring | Y Li, J Ma, D Cao - 2020 IEEE International Conference on …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Modern cloud vendors provide thousands of types of virtual machines, presenting the user a  bewildering choice. Many previous works try to train accurate models for a workload to predict  its performance on a given configuration, which could be applicable to a concrete class of …
A Runtime-Based Computational Performance Predictor for Deep Neural Network Training | GX Yu, Y Gao, P Golikov… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2021 - 128.84.21.203 | Deep learning researchers and practitioners usually leverage GPUs to help train their deep  neural networks (DNNs) faster. However, choosing which GPU to use is challenging both  because (i) there are many options, and (ii) users grapple with competing concerns: maximizing …
A survey of Intel SGX and its applications | W Zheng, Y Wu, X Wu, C Feng, Y Sui, X Luo… - Frontiers of Computer …, 2021 - Springer | This paper presents a comprehensive survey on the development of Intel SGX (software guard  extensions) processors and its applications. With the advent of SGX in 2013 and its subsequent  development, the corresponding research works are also increasing rapidly. In order …
{EROFS}: A Compression-friendly Readonly File System for Resource-scarce Devices | X Gao, M Dong, X Miao, W Du, C Yu… - … USENIX} Annual Technical …, 2019 - usenix.org | Smartphones usually have limited storage and runtime memory. Compressed read-only file  systems can dramatically decrease the storage used by read-only system resources. However,  existing compressed read-only file systems use fixed-sized input compression, which …
Planning in the Browser | N Tran, P Speicher, R Künnemann… - … at the 30th …, 2020 - publications.cispa.saarland | Traditionally, planning tools are designed as applications that users need to install, taking  care of the specificities of their operating system, packages, etc. This often places a significant  burden on users, especially due to the academic nature of the software. To remedy this …
Optimization Of Time-Driven Scheduling Technique For Serverless Cloud Computing | JE Kostka, AS Chouhanf - Turkish Journal of Computer and …, 2021 - turcomat.org | Serverless Computing has become more common by providing lower costs, better elasticity  and enhanced usability. Taken as a consequence that resource restrained infrastructure  requires efficient low-latent calculations, it also becomes a common execution model for edge …
Mitigating cold starts in serverless platforms: A pool-based approach | PM Lin, A Glikson - arXiv preprint arXiv:1903.12221, 2019 - arxiv.org | Rapid adoption of the serverless (or Function-as-a-Service, FaaS) paradigm, pioneered by  Amazon with AWS Lambda and followed by numerous commercial offerings and open  source projects, introduces new challenges in designing the cloud infrastructure, balancing …
Correctness Session | C Wan, L Zhang - usenix.org | … In USENIX ATC, pp. 249-263. 2020. … In USENIX ATC, pp. 279-291. 2005. …
Olympian: Scheduling gpu usage in a deep neural network model serving system | Y Hu, S Rallapalli, B Ko, R Govindan - Proceedings of the 19th …, 2018 - dl.acm.org | Deep neural networks (DNNs) are emerging as important drivers for GPU (Graphical  Processing Unit) usage. Routinely, now, cloud offerings include GPU-capable VMs, and GPUs  are used for training and testing DNNs. A popular way to run inference (or testing) tasks with …
Experimental Study on Chunking Algorithms of Data Deduplication System on Large Scale Data | S Abirami, E Manohar - annauniv.edu | … In: Proceedings of the USENIX annual technical conference, pp 59–72 … In:  Proceedings of the 9th USENIX conference on file and storage technologies. … In:  Proceedings of the 6th USENIX conference on file and storage technologies, vol 18(1–18). …
The Case for Intra-Unikernel Isolation | P Olivier, A Barbalace, B Ravindran - space, 2020 - ssrg.ece.vt.edu | The unikernel is an emerging operating system model offering lightweightness, security and  performance benefits. In this paper we argue that a fundamental design principle of unikernels,  the fact that one instance is viewed as a single unit of trust, is not suitable for the high …
Enclosures: language-based restriction of untrusted libraries Extended Abstract | A Ghosn, M Kogias, M Payer, JR Larus, E Bugnion - asplos-conference.org | … In Proceedings of the 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (ATC), pages 489–504,  2019. … In Proceedings of the 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (ATC), pages  269–284, 2019. [29] Nick Nikiforakis, Luca Invernizzi, Alexandros Kapravelos, Steven Van Acker, …
Boosting the Profitability of NVRAM-based Storage Devices via the Concept of Dual-Chunking Data Deduplication | SH Chen, YP Liang, YH Chang… - 2020 25th Asia and …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | With the latest advance in the non-volatile random-access memory (NVRAM), NVRAM is widely  considered as the mainstream for the next-generation storage mediums. NVRAM has  numerous attractive features, which include byte addressability, limited idle energy consumption…
Reasoning about modern datacenter infrastructures using partial histories | X Sun, L Suresh, A Ganesan, R Alagappan… - Proceedings of the …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Modern datacenter infrastructures are increasingly architected as a cluster of loosely coupled  services. The cluster states are typically maintained in a logically centralized, strongly  consistent data store (eg, ZooKeeper, Chubby and etcd), while the services learn about the …
Memory-mapped I/O for Fast Storage | A Papagiannis - 2020 - didaktorika.gr | … In Proceedings of the 2020 USENIX Conference on Usenix Annual Technical Conference  (USENIX ATC ’20). USENIX Association, USA (iv) Anastasios Papagiannis, Giorgos Saloustros,  Giorgos Xanthakis, Giorgos Kalaentzis, Pilar Gonzalez-Ferez, and Angelos Bilas. 2021. …
VAP: An AutoPatch Mechanism for Buffer Overflow Vulnerabilities in Source Code | TH Tseng - 2019 - ir.lib.ncu.edu.tw | … USENIX Security Symposium - Volume 7, ser. SSYM’98, San Antonio, Texas: … fast  address sanity checker,” in Presented as part of the 2012 USENIX Annual Technical  Conference (USENIX ATC 12), Boston, MA: USENIX, 2012, pp. 309– …
An automated, cross-layer instrumentation framework for diagnosing performance problems in distributed applications | E Ates, L Sturmann, M Toslali, O Krieger… - Proceedings of the …, 2019 - dl.acm.org | Diagnosing performance problems in distributed applications is extremely challenging. A  significant reason is that it is hard to know where to place instrumentation a priori to help  diagnose problems that may occur in the future. We present the vision of an automated …
Software-defined and Programmable CPS/IoT-OS: Architecting the Next Generation of CPS/IoT Operating Systems | A Gokhale, Y Barve, A Bhattacharjee, S Khare - 2019 - cse.wustl.edu | … In USENIX Conference on Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC’13). USENIX  Association, Berkeley, CA, USA, 219–230. http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2535461.2535489  [15] Diego Ongaro and John … In 2014 {USENIX} Annual Technical Conference ({USENIX}{ATC} …
Resource Isolation in Terms of Power and Energy Consumption | M Ott - cs.fau.de | The benefits of power-aware applications are generally recognized. By adapting to the current  power consumption, apps are able to optimize their runtime behavior. Today, operating  systems provide interfaces for apps to query such information, however, those approaches …
More {IOPS} for Less: Exploiting Burstable Storage in Public Clouds | H Park, GR Ganger, G Amvrosiadis - 12th {USENIX} Workshop on Hot …, 2020 - usenix.org | Burstable storage is a public cloud feature that enhances cloud storage volumes with credits  that can be used to boost performance temporarily. These credits can be exchanged for  increased storage throughput, for a short period of time, and are replenished over time. We …
Valve: Securing function workflows on serverless computing platforms | P Datta, P Kumar, T Morris, M Grace… - Proceedings of The …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Serverless Computing has quickly emerged as a dominant cloud computing paradigm,  allowing developers to rapidly prototype event-driven applications using a composition of small  functions that each perform a single logical task. However, many such application workflows …
Efficient Inference at the Edge | G Muraru, C Raiciu - learningsys.org | Beyond higher wireless bandwidth and denser connectivity, 5G networks promise the  availability of computation at the edge, either collocated with the mobile base station or in close  proximity. Ideally, each edge site should be able to run computation for nearby mobile users …
A framework to support multi-cloud collaboration | L Hua, T Tang, H Wu, WU Yuewen… - 2020 IEEE World …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … In 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 19), pages 177–190,  Renton, WA, July 2019. USENIX Association. … In 2019 USENIX Annual Technical  Conference, USENIX ATC 2019, Renton, WA, USA, July 10-12, 2019, pages 475-488, 2019. …
SOCK: Serverless-Optimized Containers | E Oakes, L Yang, D Zhou, K Houck… - USENIX Open Access …, 2018 - usenix.org | Serverless computing is becoming increasingly popular as a way to avoid paying for idle  periods and gracefully handle load spikes. Serverless platforms typically use containers to  isolate lambda instances. General-purpose container systems such as Docker, however, are not …
Infinicache: Exploiting ephemeral serverless functions to build a cost-effective memory cache | A Wang, J Zhang, X Ma, A Anwar, L Rupprecht… - 18th {USENIX} …, 2020 - usenix.org | Internet-scale web applications are becoming increasingly storage-intensive and rely heavily  on in-memory object caching to attain required I/O performance. We argue that the emerging  serverless computing paradigm provides a well-suited, cost-effective platform for object …
hXDP: Efficient Software Packet Processing on {FPGA} NICs | MS Brunella, G Belocchi, M Bonola… - 14th {USENIX} …, 2020 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 14th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation … In 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX  ATC 19), pages 345–362, Renton, WA, July 2019. USENIX Association. …
SaS: SSD as SQL database system | JH Park, S Choi, G Oh, SW Lee - Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In Proceedings of the 18th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies (FAST ’20).  … In Proceedings of the 2015 USENIX Conference on Usenix Annual Technical Conference  (USENIX ATC ’15). [46] Max Mühlhäuser, Christian Meurisch, Michael Stein, Jörg Daubert, …
Poster: Data-Aware Edge Sampling for Aggregate Query Approximation | J Wolfrath, A Chandra - 2020 IEEE/ACM Symposium on Edge …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Data stream processing is an increasingly important topic due to the prevalence of smart  devices and the demand for realtime analytics. One estimate suggests that we should expect  nine smart-devices per person by the year 2025 [1]. These devices generate data which might …
An Efficient Content Prefetching Method for Cloud Based Mobile Adhoc Network | DN Shashidhara, DN Chandrappa… - Journal of …, 2020 - ingentaconnect.com | Recently, Mobile Ad-hoc Networks (MANETs) has emerged as a very important research area  for provisioning service for remote client through internet, cloud computing, and cellular  network. This work focusses on improving image access in MANET. Various method has been …
Hippie: A Data-Paralleled Pipeline Approach to Improve Memory-Efficiency and Scalability for Large DNN Training | X Ye, Z Lai, S Li, L Cai, D Sun, L Qiao, D Li - … International Conference on …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In 2014 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 14). 37–48. [11] Wei Dai,  Abhimanu Kumar, Jinliang Wei, Qirong Ho, Garth … In 2017 USENIX Annual Technical Conference  (USENIX ATC 17). 181–193. [50] Zhen Zheng, Chanyoung Oh, Jidong Zhai, Xipeng Shen, …
Pollux: Co-adaptive cluster scheduling for goodput-optimized deep learning | A Qiao, SK Choe, SJ Subramanya… - 15th {USENIX} …, 2021 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 15th USENIX Symposium on Operating  Systems Design and Implementation. … Open access to the Proceedings of the 15th USENIX  Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation is sponsored by USENIX. …
Efficient Concurrent Range Queries in B+-trees using RCU-HTM | D Siakavaras, P Billis, K Nikas, G Goumas… - Proceedings of the 32nd …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | In this work, we exploit RCU-HTM, a synchronization mechanism that combines Read-Copy-Update  (RCU) and Hardware Transactional Memory (HTM) to support linearizable and highly  efficient range queries in a concurrent B+-tree. Range queries in our B+-tree start with an …
Function-as-a-service performance evaluation: A multivocal literature review | J Scheuner, P Leitner - Journal of Systems and Software, 2020 - Elsevier | … literature (ie, preprint, thesis, blog post) (iii) the name of the venue (eg, IEEE CLOUD, USENIX  ATC), and a ranking of the venue (ie, A*, A, B, C, W for workshop, unranked). The venue  ranking follows the CORE ranking for conferences (CORE2018 8 ) and journals (ERA2010 9 ). …
Concordia: Distributed shared memory with in-network cache coherence | Q Wang, Y Lu, E Xu, J Li, Y Chen, J Shu - … {USENIX} Conference on File …, 2021 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 19th USENIX Conference on File and  Storage Technologies. … In Proceedings of the 2017 USENIX Conference on Usenix Annual  Technical Conference, USENIX ATC ’17, pages 773–785, Berkeley, CA, USA, 2017. USENIX …
Towards in-network acceleration of erasure coding | Y Qiao, X Kong, M Zhang, Y Zhou, M Xu… - Proceedings of the …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | … In Usenix annual technical conference. Boston, MA, 15–26. [12] Theo Jepsen, Daniel Alvarez,  Nate Foster, Changhoon Kim, Jeongkeun Lee… In 2018 USENIX Annual Technical Conference  (USENIX ATC18). USENIX Association. [28] Fang Wang, Yingjie Tang, Yanwen Xie, and …
GoSeed: Generating an Optimal Seeding Plan for Deduplicated Storage | A Nachman, G Yadgar, S Sheinvald - 18th {USENIX} Conference on File …, 2020 - usenix.org | … In 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 19), 2019. … In 2014  USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 14), 2014. … In 2016 USENIX Annual  Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 16), 2016. …
Ensuring Reliable OpenFlow Channel for SDN Based Cyber-Physical System | H Joo, H Kim - 2021 21st International Conference on Control …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … Zheng, “STMS: Improving MPTCP throughput under heterogeneous networks,” in 2018  USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 18). Boston, MA: USENIX … Available:  https:// www.usenix.org/conference/atc18/presentation/shi [10] W. Lee, JY Lee, H. Joo, and H. …
Too many knobs to tune? towards faster database tuning by pre-selecting important knobs | K Kanellis, R Alagappan, S Venkataraman - … {USENIX} Workshop on Hot …, 2020 - usenix.org | To achieve high performance, recent research has shown that it is important to automatically  tune the configuration knobs present in database systems. However, as database systems  usually have 100s of knobs, auto-tuning frameworks spend a significant amount of time …
Improving cache performance for large-scale photo stores via heuristic prefetching scheme | K Zhou, S Sun, H Wang, P Huang, X He… - … on Parallel and …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | … ceedings of the 2017 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC’17), Santa  Clara, CA, July 2017, pp. 321–334. [17] “Tencent,” http://www.tencent.com/, 2017, [Online]. …  He is a member of the IEEE and a member of the USENIX. …
PrismDB: Read-aware log-structured merge trees for heterogeneous storage | A Raina, A Cidon, K Jamieson… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | … In 2017 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 17), pages 363–375, Santa  Clara, CA, July 2017. USENIX Association. … In Presented as part of the 2013 USENIX  Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 13), pages 49–60, San Jose, CA, 2013. …
CSI2: Cloud Server Idleness Identification by Advanced Machine Learning in Theories and Practice | J Duan, G Li, N Asthana, S Zeng, I Dell'Era… - … Conference on Service …, 2019 - Springer | Studies show that virtual machines (VMs) in cloud are easily forgotten with non-productive  status. This incurs unnecessary cost for cloud tenants and resource waste for cloud  providers. As a solution to this problem, we present our Cloud Server Idleness Identification (CSI2) …
FlowEmu: An Open-Source Flow-Based Network Emulator | D Stolpmann, A Timm-Giel - Electronic Communications of …, 2021 - journal.ub.tu-berlin.de | When analyzing the impact of a communication system on the Quality of Experience (QoE) of  an interactive application, simulation and mathematical modeling typically require  reimplementation or modeling of the application under test and only provide insights in terms of …
An Osmotic Ecosystem for Data Streaming Applications in Smart Cities | E Carlini, L Carnevale, M Coppola, P Dazzi… - Proceedings of the 1st …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Modern multi-tier Cloud-Edge-IoT computational platforms seamlessly map with the  distributed and hierarchical nature of smart cities infrastructure. However, classical tools and  methodologies to organise data as well as computational and network resources are poorly …
FluidMem: Full, Flexible, and Fast Memory Disaggregation for the Cloud | B Caldwell, S Goodarzy, S Ha, R Han… - 2020 IEEE 40th …, 2020 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | This paper presents a new approach to memory disaggregation called FluidMem that  leverages the userfault mechanism in Linux to achieve full memory disaggregation in software.  FluidMem enables dynamic and transparent resizing of an unmodified Virtual Machine’s (VM’s) …
Apollo: Modular and distributed runtime system for serverless function compositions on cloud, edge, and iot resources | F Smirnov, B Pourmohseni, T Fahringer - … of the 1st Workshop on High …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | This paper provides a first presentation of Apollo, a runtime system for serverless function  compositions distributed across the cloud-edge-IoT continuum. Apollo's modular design  enables a fine-grained decomposition of the runtime implementation (scheduling, data …
Deep learning inference service at microsoft | J Soifer, J Li, M Li, J Zhu, Y Li, Y He, E Zheng… - 2019 {USENIX} …, 2019 - usenix.org | This paper introduces the Deep Learning Inference Service, an online production service at  Microsoft for ultra-low-latency deep neural network model inference. We present the system  architecture and deep dive into core concepts such as intelligent model placement, …
{REMIX}: Efficient Range Query for LSM-trees | W Zhong, C Chen, X Wu, S Jiang - 19th {USENIX} Conference on File …, 2021 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 19th USENIX Conference on File and Storage  … to the Proceedings of the 19th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies is  sponsored by USENIX. … 19th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies 51 …
AITurbo: Unified Compute Allocation for Partial Predictable Training in Commodity Clusters | L Zhao, F Li, W Qu, K Zhan, Q Zhang - Proceedings of the 30th …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | As the scale and complexity of deep learning models continues to grow, model training is  becoming an expensive job and only a small number of well-financed organizations can  afford. Are the resources in commodity clusters well utilized for training? or how much potential …
Workflow Integration Alleviates Identity and Access Management in Serverless Computing | A Sankaran, P Datta, A Bates - Annual Computer Security Applications …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | As serverless computing continues to revolutionize the design and deployment of web services,  it has become an increasingly attractive target to attackers. These adversaries are developing  novel tactics for circumventing the ephemeral nature of serverless functions, exploiting …
Functionbench: A suite of workloads for serverless cloud function service | J Kim, K Lee - 2019 IEEE 12th International Conference on …, 2019 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Serverless computing is attracting considerable attention recently, but many published  papers use micro-benchmarks for evaluation that might result in impracticality. To address  this, we present FunctionBench, a suite of practical function workloads for public services. It …
Two-Chains: High Performance Framework for Function Injection and Execution | M Grodowitz, LE Peña, C Dunham… - 2021 IEEE …, 2021 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | Some important problems, such as semantic graph analysis, require large-scale irregular  applications composed of many coordinating tasks that operate on a shared data set so big  it has to be stored on many physical devices. In these cases, it may be more efficient to …
RedLeaf: Isolation and communication in a safe operating system | V Narayanan, T Huang, D Detweiler, D Appel… - 14th {USENIX} …, 2020 - usenix.org | … We would like to thank USENIX ATC 2020 and OSDI 2020 reviewers and our shepherd,  Michael Swift, for numerous insights helping us to improve this work. Also, we would like to  thank the Utah CloudLab team, and especially Mike Hibler, for his continuous support in …
Agamotto: Accelerating kernel driver fuzzing with lightweight virtual machine checkpoints | D Song, F Hetzelt, J Kim, BB Kang, JP Seifert… - 29th {USENIX} Security …, 2020 - usenix.org | … This paper is included in the Proceedings of the 29th USENIX Security Symposium. …  Open access to the Proceedings of the 29th USENIX Security Symposium is sponsored by  USENIX. … In Proceedings of the USENIX Annual Technical Conference (ATC), 2017. …
File System Aging | F Hofbeck - 2020 - cs.fau.de | … In 15th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies (FAST 17), … In 11th  USENIX Workshop on Hot Topics in Storage and File Systems … In 13th {USENIX}  Conference on File and Storage Technologies ({FAST} …
SLA-aware Workload Scheduling Using Hybrid Cloud Services | D Chahal, S Palepu, M Mishra, R Singhal - … of the 1st Workshop on High …, 2020 - dl.acm.org | Cloud services have an auto-scaling feature for load balancing to meet the performance  requirements of an application. Existing auto-scaling techniques are based on upscaling and  downscaling cloud resources to distribute the dynamically varying workloads. However, bursty …
Characterization and prediction of deep learning workloads in large-scale GPU datacenters | Q Hu, P Sun, S Yan, Y Wen, T Zhang - Proceedings of the International …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | … In 12th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’16). …  In 12th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI ’16). …  In 2020 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC ’20). …
Cloudburst: Stateful functions-as-a-service | V Sreekanti, C Wu, XC Lin, J Schleier-Smith… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2020 - arxiv.org | Function-as-a-Service (FaaS) platforms and "serverless" cloud computing are becoming  increasingly popular. Current FaaS offerings are targeted at stateless functions that do minimal  I/O and communication. We argue that the benefits of serverless computing can be extended …
Firefly: Untethered Multi-user {VR} for Commodity Mobile Devices | X Liu, C Vlachou, M Yang, F Qian, L Zhou… - … Technical Conference  …, 2020 - usenix.org | The conference papers and full proceedings are available to registered attendees now and  will be available to everyone beginning Wednesday, July 15, 2020. Paper abstracts and  proceedings front matter are available to everyone now. Copyright to the individual works is …
Data-driven optimizations for Log-Structured Merge trees | A Pramanik, N Venkatesh - theultramarine19.github.io | Modern database systems leverage key-value stores based on Log-Structured Merge (LSM)  trees in their storage layer for storing data requiring fast look-ups and updates. However,  recent studies have shown that application throughput can be compromised by internal LSM …
Internship Proposal | G Pau - www-npa.lip6.fr | Description: Mobile networks are becoming increasingly more popular than wired networks  due to the widespread use of mobile devices (eg smartphones, laptops, tablets, smart watches,  etc.). The number of smartphone users alone is expected to reach 2.87 billion by 2020 [1]. …
Towards cost-effective and elastic cloud database deployment via memory disaggregation | Y Zhang, C Ruan, C Li, X Yang, W Cao, F Li… - Proceedings of the …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | It is challenging for cloud-native relational databases to meet the ever-increasing needs of  scaling compute and memory resources independently and elastically. The recent emergence  of memory disaggregation architecture, relying on high-speed RDMA network, offers …
Jasmine: Exploring the Dependency-Aware Execution on Distributed Shared Memory | X Wei, H Hu, X Zhou, X Qi, W Qian, J Wang… - Proceedings of the 30th …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Distributed shared memory abstraction can coordinate a cluster of machine nodes to empower  performance-critical queries with the scalable memory space and abundant parallelism.  But to deploy the query under such an abstraction, the general execution model just makes …
Multi-level Forwarding and Scheduling Repair Technique in Heterogeneous Network for Erasure-coded Clusters | H Zhou, D Feng, Y Hu - 50th International Conference on Parallel …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Erasure codes offer a storage-efficient redundancy mechanism for maintaining data availability  guarantees in storage clusters, yet also incur high network traffic consumption and recovery  time in failure repair. Exiting studies aim to reduce the recovery time in the heterogeneous …
The case for model-driven interpretability of delay-based congestion control protocols | M Khan, Y Zaki, S Iyer, T Ahamd, T Pötsch… - ACM SIGCOMM …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Analyzing and interpreting the exact behavior of new delay-based congestion control  protocols with complex non-linear control loops is exceptionally difficult in highly variable  networks such as cellular networks. This paper proposes a Model-Driven Interpretability (MDI) …
Afternoon Tutorial 2: Caches in the Modern Memory Hierarchy with Persistent Memory and Flash | I Ahmad, Y Vigfusson - 2019 - usenix.org | … He has published at conferences that include ACM SOCC, USENIX ATC, VLDB, and  EuroSys, as well as ACM TOCS. Ymir serves on the steering committee of LADIS (2010–2018),  has been on program committees for ACM SOCC, ICDCS, EuroSys, and P2P. In addition to …
Sgx-fs: Hardening a file system in user-space with intel sgx | D Burihabwa, P Felber, H Mercier… - … Conference on Cloud …, 2018 - ieeexplore.ieee.org | File systems have long benefited from hardware acceleration to improve their performance.  In order to leverage such hardware capabilities, file systems rely on direct and trusted  support from the underlying operating system. However, this assumes that the OS and the …
Demons in the Shared Kernel: Abstract Resource Attacks Against OS-level Virtualization | N Yang, W Shen, J Li, Y Yang, K Lu, J Xiao… - Proceedings of the …, 2021 - dl.acm.org | Due to its faster start-up speed and better resource utilization efficiency, OS-level virtualization  has been widely adopted and has become a fundamental technology in cloud computing.  Compared to hardware virtualization, OS-level virtualization leverages the shared-kernel …
Implementation and optimization of a distributed consistency algorithm based on Paxos | ZHU Chao-fan, GUO Jin-wei… - 华东师范大学学报(自然 …, 2019 - hdsfdxzkb.xml-journal.net | With the ongoing development of the Internet, the degree of informationization in enterprises  is continuously increasing, and more and more data needs to be processed in a timely  manner. In this context, the instability of network environments may lead to data loss and node …
Not So Fast | A JANGDA, B POWERS, E BERGER, A GUHA - usenix.org | … that appeared at the 2019 USENIX Annual Technical Conference, which presents Browsix-…  Our ATC paper presents a theory of why this is the case. Nonetheless, most benchmarks are  … In our ATC paper, we also compare the performance of WebAssembly and JavaScript (asm.…
Study on Runtime Interface for Mitigating Cold Start in Serverless based Workflow | S Hwang, J Kang, H Yu - Proceedings of the Korea Information …, 2019 - koreascience.or.kr | … 9PeeNing behind the curtains of serverY less platforms.9 2018 {USENIX} Annual Technical  ConY ference (USENIX ATC 18). 2018. [2] … 9SOCK: Rapid TasN Provisioning with  ServerlessYOptimized Containers.9 2018 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC 18). …
